I decided to not sue because of time constraints.
you said "with attribution"
We use "essa" as "again" in Koura. Sounds suspiciously like Aussi
I endorsed the book when it was in German. When I saw the Engligh version I was shocked.
If you stole something from someone you would probably use the same argument when caught.
Kanno "issa" jéyé min "aussi" ma bstaghreb.
Lézém n3ammi2 bi kélmét "issa", w "bass". Min wén ejo? "Bass" ye3né bass bil Hindé. W issa bil Férsé.
Not easily, because if you linearize with say Log X  the misfitting has explosive errors.
strict
Nobody is dismissiong but you need to PROVE the variables are not fat tailed before engaging in correlation.
My entire point is that you never have a large sample for Fat Tails. And you don't know it. Correlation for low alphas requires n=10^14
Or insufficient sample showing spurious correlation.
Not really. You need to adjust for "worship". There is no "worship = slavery" in Latin/Greek/German, rather worship=love.  Hence Amadeus/Theophile/Gottlieb are equivalent to AbdAllah/Ovadiah.
Correct!
Reverse!
Le meilleur style en Francais. Le plus riche. "He writes on his own terms".
I also read 3-4 San Antonio in 2019 but I couldn't find them!
I wrote this in 2007: How can you tell a cultural philistine? At the Kulback-Leibler differential with the common culture. pic.twitter.com/H0qksdgcBM
Indeed let me find the text on differential entropy of someone's reading in relation to the collective.
In the piece. The author is like a prehistoric man commenting on quantum mechanics.
BS, I mean total BS.
It happened to be there... There was an article on th Druze that I knew to be bogus.
OK, OK, here are (some of) the books I enjoyed in 2019. pic.twitter.com/UqarbFAPJ6
Tres bien ton papier. Sans Kelly les investisseurs périssent.
*some*
Sorry but I block idiots. Nothing personal, you know.
There are no clowns in my family.
So does peer revieew
Ha!
Akkadian, then Canaanite.
North Africa is genetically part of Western Eurasia, it is not "African Ancestor" which is subsaharan. And it DOES NOT indicate origin since Maghrebis are Caucasian.
You don't understand genetics. E is the 2nd highest in Greece (Einstein, Napoleon's). J1e is the marker not J1. And in our samples J2 is much higher. On autosomal Lebanon, North and West Syria and Galilee much closer to East Med. J2 in Saudi Arabia is Iranian
Sorry, I block imbeciles. Go read the text a second time before making statements about race.
Lebanon is culturally, genetically, and socially Anatolian.
Fuck, no. Nor Algeria for that matter.
It is still too high & much of it is private. Cut.
You clearly didn't understand my point and have no fucking clue what statistical noise means.
Moral pressure...
Stop funding.
There is a scene in the Idiot in which prince Muishkin reports how a person put to death enjoyed every bit of life, mentally, and promised himself to do the same if the sentence were commuted. The sentence was commuted but he forgot about it.
A partir du second
Gottlieb= Abdallah
Yes not noise but irrrrrrrrrelevant
...which is why I insist that I've written only ONE single piece, a book (Incerto, 5 volumes) and its technical endnotes and appendix (Technical Incerto, TK so far 2 volumes, comprising papers).
In #FooledByRandomness I explain an aspect of it: the more frequent the sampling the higher the noise. pic.twitter.com/czFwBbqrm8
The mechanism in #Antifragile: spurious correlations (and "results") are convex to number of variables. pic.twitter.com/NlgPLPP2Un
Peer-review produces noise.
Recall that the more information you get, the more disproportionately higher the ratio of noise to signal. Say, a little bit of information, 50% noise; a lot, 99.9% noise.  Likewise, in any field, the higher the number of academic publications the higher the ratio of garbage.
Clueless remark.
 pic.twitter.com/qUiEGYJ4a7
Please no BS
Indeed!
No straps. No belt.
1 rep max is concave to weight. Max was 177kg (390), aim to 440 (200) which is rare in my age group.
You guess
Perhaps during
Among the best skills for real life: the ability to be bored early.
Not just because he is a charlatan.  I knew he was one & gave him a break when I debated him over his bk because a Libertarian asked me to "be easy" on him & I hold my word. But Murray acted dishonorably & I am exposing him. There are plenty of other charlatans, but he will pay.
Oui, dans les discussions.
It is a new form of Scrabble with strange characters.
And "go away" (ru7) seems to come from ܪܘܚܩܐ (distance) rather than ri7!
Except on the Med.
Mystery solved! b3at does not come from بعث but the Aramaic ܐܰܒܥܶܕ ،(ܒܥܕ)  (Shift t->d), Semitic b3d (distance) pic.twitter.com/jUnFagJdnA
Two roots in Galilean: ט and ת (teth w taw) pic.twitter.com/mHlxQNIzJW
Med had cities
Will be on arXiv soon  cc: @PZalloua
No. Only if uncertainty is maximal.
You feel qualified to dictate your rules?
Dog and horse breeders knew a lot about genetics and selection just as magicians and car salespeople know a lot about psychology.
Imbecile Cownie, this is NOT at all the point I made.
That's #Lindy.
But Benoux is good; very good.
But, Joe, evolutionaritas build arguments that require mean-field.
It is mostly misused with genetic maps.
PDM, your argument is about survival, not evolution. Which is robust. A lot of junk science a la Pinker went into evolutionary theorizing.
No
You can use history & survival for safety/risk management, which is perhaps what @Mangan150 is trying to say. His argument does not depend on evolutionary theory; rather on #Lindy.
Name your font!
Preliminary result for entropy based genetic maps. Might change the way we view distances between population and rates of inbreeding. pic.twitter.com/R30uedJCP8
Edited pic.twitter.com/wO4bLMUMN1
 pic.twitter.com/HpIDw9gK6Y
Requires training & finding the right conditions. My revenge peaks 10 years later.
Rule 1: The more you overreact w/some, the less you need to react w/others. As w/the IRS: increase the penalty & lower your audit rate.  Rule 2: when a fraud fucks w/you, say @charlesmurray, @mpigliucci, @sapinker, @SamHarrisOrg or @Noahpinion, keep busting them for decades!
Ya ret. Ana brja3 bnss Kénun la esbu3 kémél.
Or when the Lebanese adapt and learn to circumvent the State and Banks.
2) Of course dead languages can be still spoken by isolated or small groups: e.g. Latin in the Swiss mountains, Galilean Aramaic in Maaloula, etc. Point it that it is rather uncommon.
When a written language undergoes no evolution, it is a strong evidence that it was not spoken. But not in the other direction. Example: written Latin, Fusha Arabic, Katharevousa
Mostly in the South/East.
Not Egypt, not the Southern Maghreb. There were migrations from the South both there and in SOuthern Arabia
Voila!
Even post Arab conquest the phenotypes didn't change mucho.
The SyroPhoenician women (likely) spoke to him in the Galilean-South Phoenician dialect. Same dialect!
No
And if he read the Torah by himself (possible but not likely): Hebrew was NOT spoken anymore. Like Latin in the 19th C.
Coptic was never a lingua franca, Latin was only *spoken* in Beirut and Baalbeck (outside the legions) and he might have had a smattering of Greek which was limited to coastal/urban Phoenicia.
He was the son of a carpenter.  One thing I’ve learned over a long life: when someone knows French they make sure to make you aware of it.
(Cont) plus the Galilean dialect.
HEAVY TAILS 2019 pic.twitter.com/zIJH0vqR9G
Not needed since relative
They were Southern Phoenicians
You guys are Galileans.
Messiah meant "anointed" (with holy oil). For Jesus Christ it was metaphoric, replaced by baptism. pic.twitter.com/gTdmN0Y93y
BS vendors should be spared today.  This is an appeal to members of the *probabilists BS busting Squad* & other #RWRI activists to refrain from exposing people owing to the spirit of the holidays.
No
Yes, differential entropy as a proxy.
No, no.
For a power law, serious function of \alpha particularly at lower levers. pic.twitter.com/YvMpJFnPr2
Infinite!
Merry Christmas everyone!  Χρόνια Πολλά!
I tried... the problem is that a power law is not characterized by variance. Gaussian is characterized by mean and variance, but the mean goes out.
Already done.
I do not trust twin studies & heredity claims. And to repeat IQ is not just not a measure of intelligence, but it is not a measure at all.   It correlates highy with severe clinical problems. Conversation ended as I explain it at length in the article.
Because IQ is not a measure of intelligence.
Variance is not a good measure of noise in a system. How it scales with entropy. pic.twitter.com/f2e1TFTIJx
Use 1/X
OK, hid his reply/
The point is whether it is truly SITG. Jaffer doubts it.
I block idiots. Noothing personal.
The #Lindy is to drink wine
5) When people deny they "unconditional support" it means they "unconditionally support".  The Iranians killed ~1500 kids. Even if the number if off, it is immoral to stay silent, @snarwani, & even more immoral to blindly claim Western propaganda. pic.twitter.com/3d9yMBYdHo
To  clarify & answer comments: 1) Correlation is a measure for linear relationships, but it is nonlinear in its interpretation (and non additive). 2) A simple example of why correlation  doesn't  work under nonlinearity, and why MI always works. pic.twitter.com/Rv3wXpOSJT
It comes down to additivity
Ref? Thanks.
Yes but doesn't scale.
Still nonadditive.
The other effect of PRINCIPIA POLITICA:  Article 3 "Public institutions must have an expiration date."  A Russian "UNIVERSITY 2035" was created, aiming to dissolve in 2035. Met them in Kazan. Focus:digital skills  Joint by Novosibirsk State U,Tomsk State, FarEast Federal U pic.twitter.com/hCYKjN7fzg
who *doesn't*?
Footnote 2: Blocked more than 3000 people on Twitter, but picked up > 100,000 new followers during 2019.
In general pic.twitter.com/DH0T2AoOcw
Footnote 1: Since it became fashionable to show such a thing, here is a list of prescription drugs I took in 2019. pic.twitter.com/4Ud0Mc6ddx
We are introducing simple transformations to evaluate genetic distances and homozygocity. pic.twitter.com/pqZCmqR7fc
A severe  problem with genetic/IQ studies: correlation is highly nonlinear: a correlation of 3/4 is much,  much closer  to 0 than to 1. Which shows why the overly used "heritability index" is nonsense. I wonder why these IQ idiots didn't realize it before. Psychology =astrology pic.twitter.com/ODu1U3knI4
I don't deadlift. I just study psychology.
The point is that it is not rigorous but has insights. Format is bad; some overreach. But some material can be recycled.
Because I tell pple what I think
I am not into persuading anybody.
Peterson, charisma? Peterson, like most psycholophasters, gives the impression of a dithering hypochondriac with an insomnia problem, having serious trouble getting his BS in order, & who regularly implores with endless speeches his girlfriends/partners to not dump him .
Fuck no, there is a variance.
Akl hawa in Lebanese
Yes, his grandnephew. But anonymous.
I was then in Tripoli. Forgot about the riots.
Did you register?
19- Finally,  I did not compromise once in 2019.  Happy Holidays for all.
Parallel. Silent Risk is vol 2
17- Lost (some) money short HLF. But stayed long Gold, etc.  18- Found some severe & disturbing logical errors in PRINCIPIA POLITICA (which I incidentally started in 2019). Fixed quietly, so far.
14-Found great space for #RWRI across the sidewalk where a famous mafia don was wacked (Sparks Steakhouse), w/one of his family members now part of the #RWRI club. Feels safe.  15-Ate no seed oil  16-Feel plenty of gratitude towards my friends, esp. those who corrected errors
Never. I can't stand meetings.
You mean I stole the title from you? Money won is twice as sweet as money earned.
11-Blocked >3000 people on Twitter, using highly *Bayesian* tricks.  12-Ate large meals with the BS Busting Brigade connected to #RWRI, made new friends.  13-Had charlatans s.a. Sam Harris, Charles Murray, etc. publicly complaining about me.
I speak Italian
8-Was subjected to 6 smear campaigns from 6 separate sources, including #Lebanon bankers w/smear video from PR firm. No effect. I need more enemies in 2020, to confuse them.  9-Lost 7 lbs but year isn't over.  10-Tried & failed to learn Hindi. Everyone speaks English.
4- Published 6 papers (single auth), wrote 10 in total, 1  in epistemology  5- Increased the pushpress by 25lbs in spite of injury  6- Lectshured (& ate) in Serbia, Estonia, & Tatarstan  7- Went on #Lebanon TV after 10y to expose #RiadPonzi, introduced Ponzi term. Riad was upset
2019, Personal  Review  1-Managed to Yuugely upset monocultures: both anti-Iran & pro-Iran shills; both pro-Trump & anti-Trump; both the "left" & the Neo-nazis/Quillette/eugenists.  2-Busted IQ as a fraud,on stat/math grounds.  3-Finished Stat Cons Fat Tails, Tech Incerto vol 1
I fully support you in busting existing narratives. I did promote your work in the past. But do you attack the Iranian regime when they do eggegious things domestically & in Iraq or in their position wrt the riots  in Lebanon? Unless you do so your activities are mere propaganda
But then with an inheritance tax you remove the incentive for people to accumulate wealth knowing it will vanish. Will harm the poor more than the rich.
It does not work. You need to rewrite the code when  you add  a word.
When did I block you?
Impossible with Latex. So can’t work and self publish on these formats.
Don’t know but it is #Lindy so less@to worry about
I can’t help it. I like 2 cols.
Non possible without too much sweat!
?
Mon ami, the structure is determining the text!
Friends, looks like I need to give  up the Medieval style with boxes (left)  in favor of the right version as it becomes rapidly  unwieldy. Is there a serious loss of aesthetics? pic.twitter.com/SgGVAzxDtU
Done. Thanks!
Better interword spacing pic.twitter.com/R2byiWhKmn
Meanwhile the Technical Incerto, Vol 1: hard to get the #lindy  2-column aesthetics with a 6 by 9 book, which requires 8½  by 11. Equations and graphs make it difficult to flow properly. pic.twitter.com/Hotlu4x371
4) I exposed @snarwani for unconditional support for the Iranian regime. This imbecile @Doranimated is worse; doesn't get a Leb PM needs approval by ALL factions (like Hariri).  Think tank pple have no academic freedom (owned by funders); almost all are subpar failed academics.
The best representation of Fat Tony, via Fat Tony Salerno in The Irishman. pic.twitter.com/EvsuonfGha
2) You have two types of people trying to make a fundamentally Lebanese internal problem a geopolitics Iran-Saudi Arabia/US/Israel, Mars vs. Venus one, each shilling for one side. This shill @Doraminated vs the shill for the other party @RaniaKhalek.
Random!
3afek bass lézem ykun fi tari2a tényé.
mn wein jbt l font hayda?
The iron butterfly has 4 legs. The Butterfly has 3 legs
My mistake: missed the transformation before the nonbroken plural.
Life has amazing things
People in #Lebanon have yuuuge expectations of what a PM should be. You don't need a hotshot, just someone who gave evidence of 1) integrity, 2) not having messed up a ministry, etc. (i.e., focus on what he didn't do), 3) respect for localism.
No, much worse.
One needs to investigate. AUB has the right channels to verify such claims. Posts are often false accusations by disgruntled students.
OK, finally #lebanon may have a new PM.  A PM with a Google Scholar page. pic.twitter.com/8c2ejgfA58
Brickell
Gene, block idiots.
Corrected pic.twitter.com/LeBjHvSS0y
Why?
Voila pic.twitter.com/8LkjS7O7oZ
Great. JENSEN'S Actually  it is the rule for a positive butterfly.
You good. Very good. It converges.
MATH PUZZLE DU JOUR. For my trip back from India. pic.twitter.com/s9StRGpDZ3
MSD, you too appear to have an obsession, a Claire obsession. Since she is going bust, focus on real people.
Please do not post BS on my feed I am allergic.
She doesn't get it that "Fussed 7a" and Levantine BOTH descend from a common proto-language. Fus7a is a modern construction with its own innovations that came AFTER Levantine.  Even Arabist linguists now accept it.
Unemployable
Same with the US
Alicia has been getting emails. Could be on your end?
Strange.  Meanwhile please try  info@realworldrisk.com
ντλ λ ακβατ
νεχνα λ ρυμ κεννα νκτοβ γαρσυνε βιλ ιυνενε
Did you try Alicia@ ?
τυιττερ
Blocked people will complain.
The point is not whether it is 100 or 1000.  What that regime is doing in Iran and Iraq is eggregious.
التوابل
No, since name of country. Persian pic.twitter.com/D9musq8Nmz
SPECULATIVE EAST-MED PHILOLOGY  "Spice", μπαχαρικό (Bahariko) in Greek,  بهارات (Bharat) in Levantine (not so much in Classical Ar), and baharat in Turkish originate from the old name for India: Bharat.    Simply, the Med had no spices, only herbs.
Mo, done. I trust my former students.
Then Mr Knasner may I ask why the fuck you are following me?
Random
How to rescale distances on PCA maps for genetics. @WolframResearch Mathematica Code with verification pic.twitter.com/cVfRKS0Y9Y
You didn’t get it. These people don’t dislike the subject but the institutions around it.
Semitic is not a race, but a inguistic group. J2 is prevalent among both  Canaanites (Levantines: Syro-Lebanese-Galilee Palestinians,& Phoenicians), Jews (esp. Ashkenazi), Ancient Romans, Greeks, Kurds, & Turks while J1 (esp. J1e) prevalent among Arabs & Cohen Jews. cc:@PZalloua
DG came back for the war in Algeria
Lebanese is not an accent
Decorators design to impress other decorators. In the MEA lounge, the electric plugs are out of reach, low on the ground, with the cover opening upwards ; impossible to plug the charger unless you lie on the floor. @skyteam please tell these idiots.  #SkinintheGame pic.twitter.com/mBlfV1TyZo
My disagreement is that "Proto-Arabic" shd be called something likee Shmurfxz, because it causes political confusion & illusions of descent, "framing". It is the same with insurance companies calling death insurance "life insurance".
Hi I am looking at references about Fus7a & its manufacturing.
Congrats!
Water
Anonymous is not good. I distrust anonymous people.
FOR COMMENTS How to rescale distances on PCA maps for genetics. cc:@PZalloua pic.twitter.com/lir73T3ciO
Jéyé ba3d 3 jmé3
Who is predicting? The exact opposite.
Corrected Eqs 11 and 12 pic.twitter.com/20c2qqQz88
In the Republic of North Phoenicia, on my way to India for the #IndiaEconomicConclave @ETNOWlive @TimesNow pic.twitter.com/YJe6BLiY6y
I mean a kick with the knee
I jump gives me 30 extra lbs
How heavy?
He uses momentum from the knees
Liars announce that they are saying the "truth", without anyone asking them; shills claim they are promoting it.  (Remember that "Pravda", the Soviet organ, meant "truth") pic.twitter.com/irpjNgra7g
Auditing Mathematica's conventions pic.twitter.com/5Qfdh2olcg
Neighborhoods without business/visitors certainly
No
Origin of jawz or zawj is interesting. We use the older Semitic Gwoz for double.
Which explains why there cannot be such a thing as a global village: you build stronger bonds by meeting one person 5 times than by meeting 5 persons once. pic.twitter.com/7zO4MQwyUl
2) Do you live in a village? Simple trick: how many familiar faces do you encounter daily in your surroundings?
No
Sorry Kara-mata=Black eyes in Turko-Greek or Greco-Turkish
Sincere condolences Milena
Turns out that what I called the "Karamata point" and the "Karamata Constant", while obvious, didn't have a name. Was told Kara-mata was "black eyed" in Ottoman Greek (Kara black in Turkish, Matis eyes in Turko-Greek) pic.twitter.com/Y0s26R7It0
Presented 3 short papers. Turns out this result (and 2 others) are unknown. pic.twitter.com/KrZOzlxfWr
Joked about the typical stat reaction, such as the one we had with @freakonometrics: "yes we know all that about fat tails", yet NOTHING has been done in stat estimation. To the founding fathers: Balkema, De Vries, Claudia Klüppelberg, Samorodnitsky, Milosc, Reznick, etc...
I said no. Too time consuming.
Imbecilic remark
SP500 corporations have a memoryless 10 Y life expectation in the index. Large corp's life expectancy in the US
Yes because it implicates others
Trying to define RIGOROUSLY what is and what is not Racism in PRINCIPIA, away from the verbalistic. Some surprising results. For comments pic.twitter.com/qTNU63hPW5
The saying  "lniqua numquam regna perpetuo manent"  gives me hope. #Lindy #LebanonProtests #IraqiProtests, etc.
"research"? You mean "papers"?
The site is OK now figured out how to edit
This is by Ahmad Fares l Chidiac (a Maronite who converted to Islam). He may be among the first fus7a promoters. Not a word here is recognizable. Written language != language pic.twitter.com/jtdrqx8r84
Probability Proof Du Jour From the "Competitive Mathematics" FB page pic.twitter.com/gqI3BPTE7q
More confusion: Mathematica has two techniques. Dot product for normalized vectors is same as covariance (hence 3 and 1 are same).  Which method is used? pic.twitter.com/R9ZulSWR8C
CLT
Note that I blocked people who polluted the thread
Friends, some help. I have a question about conventions with PCA maps. pic.twitter.com/8KxAbkkDwa
BS.
Bayazid was “Sultan l Rum” meaning Romans not Christians.
Fucking ignorant, re: "insults at public intellectuals without explaining what he thinks they got wrong." We wrote 2 papers. Imbecile.
BS!
Reloaded. Was wrong file
J'ACCUSE Depositors in #LEBANON being stiffed!  1-Payment to Eurobond holders, NOT to depositors, & Not enough $$ for fuel imports 2-Depositors should OWN the banks since default! 3- #RiadPonzi is in denial, must be replaced/supervised  Must suspend CEDRE!  @Jad_Ghosn @EHSANI22
I am a philosopher. But an analytic one.
Ana bass 3 eyem bLenen
Eddesh inté bLbnén?
Kill l Koura zaytun.  L teffe7 baddo bard aktar. N7na 400m
Mnil koura?
Thread on Ergodicity & @ole_b_peters work  1) If you optimize on multiperiod payoffs you avoid an absorbing state(0), because multiplicative. ANY such optimization will avoid absorption, not just LOG  2) Growth is a nice summary parameter.  3) Avoiding absorption does same.
Jacob will you be in BEY next week?
[For those who don't get it: the point is that some friends are worse than enemies]
No, it is the line that some friends are worse than enemies!
DISCUSSION Friends, the M5 competition (@spyrosmakrid ) is about inventory prediction using ML or other.  I suggested predicting maxima & minima on top of the usual.  While extrema are useful in trading ("never cross a river that's on ave 4f deep"), are they with inventories?
Many don't know math. If you're a neurologist, you will get most of it.
What you see and what you don't see: The hidden moments for a probability distribution.  The Lucretius problem in #TheBlackSwan. (Turns out explicit result below is new.)  Inspired by a mistake made by that idiot  @WGoetzmann  (who sees #TheBlackSwan as an "airport book") . pic.twitter.com/IRU9nlgkNa
Min inté?
Clive James, RIP  My notes on his book *Cultural Amnesia* pic.twitter.com/Z8dcT5RjSy
Mon nom ne compte pas.
When you encounter Pinker style careerism, remember the following.  A book (or a work of scholarship) is something that is read 25 years after publication. What happens in the 25 years doesn't count.  The rest is a combination of noise, promotion, hype & resumé building.  #Lindy
Thanks Boris!
Why is he blocked?
Thanks!
Looks like mathematica doesn't use much RAM for integration (numerical or analytic) pic.twitter.com/1AtT7nCXzk
Yes! James Scott!
Working on it
1) The judgment of the free is the only one that counts. The rest has some element of propaganda.  2) Very, very few people are free.  3) In general, the more prominent the person, the less free. The janitor is freer than the politician/CEO.  4) Purity requires freedom.
Compared to me, a vindictive Sicilian is amnesiac.  You tried to fuck with me & mock my work on IQ, you will end up paying for it, slowly slowly over time.  It is not just that you are a racist pig; I am allergic to BS.
What drinking with @EmanuelDerman looks like. And that’s before the drift into Spinoza. #OnlyinNewYork pic.twitter.com/bvLLy9P5fh
You mean with people he does not respect?
FAT TONYISM More effective & less risky to improve food distribution than produce GMOs/GoldenRice (food costs=60-94% distrib/decay), but not to *scientism*merchants  It costs millions to make train rides more pleasant, billions to make trains just a bit faster, but not to...
#Lindy #Lindyeffect
The central state has been soooooooooo successful.
Bejé w bru7
Walid inté kint bil Lycée?
At 225 it is easy  to maintain a good form.
Why was @alextohme blocked in the first place?
Don't disagree.
MSB, thanks but you need to focus on real risks like Golden Rice and Quilettist racemonersnrather than small time losers and journos with no impact.  Gabish?
You shd  not look at conditional moment E[x|x>k] but E[x>k] P[x>k]
Will add to paper more details. 0<= p<\alpha \phi does not matter below K. Can be many distributions. Look up slowly varying functions in my textbook.
Sorry, error: I carelessly mistook @mona_harb_ (who tried -and failed— to dump on me) for @mona_fawaz.
#Localism implies opposition to US interventionism in world affairs (Syrian "rebels", Saudi Barbaria-Yemen, etc.) It does not mean supporting interventionism by OTHER regimes.  Most shills & low-intellect propagandists promote false dichotomies:"if not green, it must be pink".
I meant in Levantine not Classical Arabic (language we use with our mothers) BTW Bitcoin works
Although activist @mona_fawaz has tried to dump on me (& got ran over),I MUST fight for her against the smear campaign by fascist propagandists that she's a "foreign agent" #localists want to run their own lives, not be trapped into US-Iran-Israel-SA globalism #Skininthegame
Leish ma btktob bi leghet l balad? Leish ; na7awe?
If  you ask what pple in #Lebanon want: basic amenities, jobs, education, clean water, transportation, power, etc. #Localism. Not geopolitics US-Iran-Israel-SaudiArabia.  Fascists Khalek et al are shilling ag a technocratic government on grounds that it won't globalize.
Yes, suppy of USD in the shadow market.
No, should shrink it.
Jeremy idiot: You partake of a mob shaming group against an individual, get ran over,  then start crying about cyberbullying?
Actually you are also highly unethical. I did not know you existed. You have been trying to mess with me. Same with this idiot @joeyayoub creating a cybermob.  You are despicably unethical for journalist.
Congrats! you ended up breaking 400.
I did not threaten; I never threaten. If you are uncomfortable with the consequences, don't fuck with pple. Get another hobby.  PS Practice some logic before making fallacies entailing Socrates & skin in the game. PPS Of course you are intimidated. Shd be.
When you grow up, you will understand the importance of making it difficult & very costly for people to mess with you.
What  skin in the game do YOU have, Mr Jeremy?
As a matter of fact I have  explained science/math to kids (though not 5 y o). They grasp thing much, much better than social science bullshitters.
Ms Chamma, Trishank above was my student. Before he asked a question, he did his homework first; he got answers in return. He did not act entitled to get an explanation abt a technical paper broadcast here to other professionals/specialists, which requires years of preparation.
You are a fucking coward and a professional bullshitter. When you run into me physically, why did you cower?
"The majority of the planet understands what these people have come up with"... who are you bullshitting? Don't you feel some shame when you bullshit?
See Karcenti's work.
Different smear campaign...
Could be the reverse; bones as hormonal regulators
My point. History is important; the discipline of history as currently practiced is full of BS with loose norms.
Like he did NOT throw the tables of the money changers? Imbecile, go lecture someone else.
A third way to see it is the value of the firm does not change when firm buys back its debt, owing to PV & other stuff.
Another way to see it, Luke is that the bonds at 20% are giving a probability of default. Someone who does not need further cash has ~0 probability of default over same period. I muted the fellow who seems entitled to ignore finance 101
Correct. There were no laws against genocide; there were disparate laws against killing/targeting civilians, etc.
Let us stop. I don't play games with counterfactuals and "ifs". Your reasoning means every bond trading at discount & every stock trading lower should be treated as a profit for the issuer. Stop now.
"Under the following conditions", bonds would not be at 20%. You need to try to think before making statements in finance. Study some finance.
No, you still don't get it. If you don't need additional financing your bonds would NOT be at 20%.
Also there are mechanisms to sue Global Finance magazine for giving awards to #RiadPonzi, give naive investors & savers a false feeling of security.  Also we need @petelx60 to help us investigate how @LebAmUniv gave him an award (before his days).
You don't get it. Where will you get the funds to buy it back fromm? By borrowing at 20%
Nuremberg was a mechanism to enforce internationally laws compatible with then-international norms. Nothing retrospective in the spirit.
The reason the bonds are lower is because their cost of funds are higher. So, no, the overall gains are economically 0.
Signs both #RiadPonzi & Bankers Assoc. hired 2 PR firms to whitewash their image/smear critics including @dan_azz, @Nasser_Saidi. Not successful in the West (nobody is stupid) but  # circulating videos in Lebanon.  Some shills: @jassemajaka   cc:@Jad_Ghosn #lebanonprotest
What is that?
At the "meeting", #RiadPonzi exhibited a lack of financial proficiency.  He said "We issued CDs at 6%, they are now at 20%, so we have profits."  Imagine a CEO saying: we issued bonds/stocks, their value collapsed, we make yuuge profits if we bought them back 50% lower!
RETROSPECTIVE BIGOTEERING 1) no law is retrospective 2) you cannot blame people of a violation of a moral rule (or law) if they could not be possibly aware of such a rule, if such rule came AFTER their actions.  This is similar to the retrospective distortion in #TheBlackSwan.
Explain in what is a "gassing truther" before you get in trouble for defamation & smearing.
He could have been racist, depends on the mores at the time.
You mean Einstein, Dirac, Groethendieck, those in the quantum stuff, relativity, mathematics, ..., every mathematical scientist since Newton "has no idea what he’s talking about".  I am puzzled as to where this 5 year old rule was invented.
Iraq has many dialects. In the North, it resembles Alepo's.
You may ask a question. What is wrong is arguing about mathematical properties beyond the answer that are already in the answer. The fellow kept insisting abt stable laws without knowing it is answered.
How about the distance to na7awe?
 pic.twitter.com/MHDcn8tLex
It is like saying he didn't use email.
Imbecile, a violation is not retrospective. Imbecile.
You are not getting the Levy Stable has the same tail. Stop posting or you get blocked.
It is Lebanese and called man2oushé
Administration is not my line of business.
Corrected.  @birdxi1988 pic.twitter.com/HJ96ZBuUvX
I am wrong
This is post
New picture. Need to change every decade.
Ignore him, Nidal. If he doesn't get it, can't help. typo: p>\alpha
Depends. There is a quant fin tawk that ends at 7:30
With time, the more I do math, the more I become allergic to real numbers. Rational numbers have their aesthetics. Plus Mathematica works faster with fractions than numerical expressions N[x].
No, read the fucking paper. p<\alpha
Is there a meet-up with @JoshHochschild ?
Fuckoff.  Unfollow. Please don't bring down a technical conversation to your desired level.
What you see and what you don't see:The hidden moments for a probability distribution.  What we called shadow mean in paper with  @DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/rnRBU9YwKn
High probability my ancestors on 6 sides owned these olives and nurtured the trees.
All wrong! One step below wrong! Read Skin in the game before commenting on my approach  to behavioral psych.
Non. Plomin fait des erreurs enormes.
3afehon! Kafasho l Ponzi
Shu bi bi3?
By depositors I mean small depositors who put their life savings in the hands of #RiadPonzi
Un lien dans la queue de gauche.
BS... curse of dimensionality
Funcking ingrate, I live here and America fed me. I am not like you some ingrate parasite living off charity.
Non, imbecile.
From what I saw, Ramus is technically clueless about inference/correlation.
Imbecile, why didn't you go make the suggestion yesterday? Go tell someone else what to do.
"Peer-review" BS in a circular *citation ring* is not science. All you need is a simple paragraph of rigorous math  to put  Plomin et al out of business.
This is the classical question: "Where are the Customer's Yachts?"
A meeting in the Presidential Palace includes a representation of the banking sector.  Where are the representatives of depositors? Where? Where? #LebanonProtests @Jad_Ghosn @dan_azzi pic.twitter.com/M3MvlXCGRT
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. Immense gratitude for this country, its people, its system.
Comment un scientifique honnête peut-il se faire "imposer" un article?
Where? I love BM
Costco? Where?
I was ignorant. Will fix.
I solved the quandary: I  drink only American wine for Thanksgiving. Yet I want something Lebanese. Compromise: American wine made by Diaspora Lebanese. pic.twitter.com/7OPxpti5sV
After the 3rd C almost all writings were in Greek.
1) One small mistake I made: meant Phoenicians had "zero minerals" (unlike Cyprus) not "zero resources". They had some timber, used to build ships & go get minerals (copper in Cyprus).  2) The part where I say "Levantine is not a dialect OF Arabic" was edited out.
More current photo pic.twitter.com/z017M8ERoR
Mar7aba, Ma fhmt.
Tshrin for short
Tshrin msh Octobr
You read my mind.
LEBANESE DIASPORA Buy Lebanese products. They need your dollars. Find a store near you. pic.twitter.com/5z6QnBtbS7
Many countries use 2 scripts: Serbia, for instance.
Chapter on Extreme Value Theory with some results pic.twitter.com/h1XRMTbDxi
Msh kellon. Fi l magharbé. L yamaniyyé 3ndon  غ
Christian Aramaic uses Eastern Aramaic scripts (Syriac: Sirto, Estranghelo) Western Aramaic (Galilean, Yerushalmi) in Maaloula and in the Jewish tradition uses Aramaic script, identical to Heb.
You won't like it: the Aramaic script is being used by Southern neighbors. Which is why in Maaloula Assad pere made citizens write Aramaic in the Arabic Script.  + bled l shem = North (sham2al), Arab's designation.  Syria= Greek designation.
I am working on translation of my work into "Neo-Canaanite". I prefer the Arabic script but young people (<26) voted for Latin. We call it "Neo-Canaanite" not "Levantine" or "Shami" because Levantine is a designation by Westerners (East of them), while Canaanite was self-design
But mostly Galilee North
Jerusalem to Antakya
No
Muslims and Christians are equally Canaanite
Explained in AF that alternative medicine keeps people away from overtreatment (within 1 STD of normalcy), precisely  because it doesn't work.
No.
Fucking coward: I want to see you try to insult other religions as you did with Christianity & people holding Christian beliefs.  Coward and phony!
Attributing the #Iranprotests to fuel prices is similar to attributing the #LebaneseProtests to a tax on WhatsApp.  #Verbalism pic.twitter.com/vskpcNAYOS
Probability Discovery Du Jour: the invisible tail for a power law distribution doesn't depent on its parametrization.  A closed form derivation of thee "invisible tail". pic.twitter.com/u1OlFLP75m
Imbecile
How much faster is a numerical integral/Monte Carlo on a 64GB? 10%? 20%? Just a rough  estimate.
Nemo!
Millions.
Whole fucking genome.
I know. We use an subclade. Do a little bit of reading let's stop the conversation now for a while.
Relatedness comes from Levantines, Kurds and Iranians moving there.
YOU are the one who brought genes. And there is a lot of backup (presence of J1e in Leb <3%) You forget I am a scientist and publish on genetic mathematics. Unlike this idiot Abukhalil my statements are backed by something.
Trying to explain extreme value theory: The Fréchet is surprising simple to rederive. pic.twitter.com/9RnRTk84Av
Higher order effects dominate, so Gamma >>>Delta
2) There is such a thing as a Phoenician (seaboard Canaanite) gene... equally present among Maronites and Shiites. Levant/Canaanite culture is East Med, closest to Turkey, Cyprus, Agean Greece, Georgia, Kurdistan, & Northern Iran.
1) You are sort of repeating that imbecile abukhalil.  No,  Levantines are NOT related to Gulf Arabs. There has been NO gene flow from the Peninsula (<3%), Arab "occupation" after the 7th C was theoretical. Genes stable for 2500y, close to Anatolians Follow food you get culture
No
I'd love to have that list.
Gave up on a middle box. A side box works with \wrapfig
What did you use for the central box?
Of course
J'ai trouvé un peu trop "handwaving" a l'epoque, je vais essayer de relire.
Again it is one position to say:  "I wish to be with people from my tribe", it is another one to claim:  "I don't want these people around BECAUSE they are genetically inferior". This @erasmuse is in that second category which is FAR more dangerous.
@wrasmusevious Rasmusen's stance has nothing to do with intellectual arguments; he has an a priori that some people have genetically inferior IQ & is obsessing over it. When I posted my IQ stuff @easmuse did not engage w/the statistics/math, the only thing he did is pour abuse. pic.twitter.com/bkOqncjRPs
This imbecile has a twitter account @jassemajaka but better leave him alone for now.
Only when the Ponzi stops and we do haircuts.
8-13% of GDP
D2allon y7ko hallghaat ba3d l 2arn l sebe3!
Exactly,  at every layer.
Is it related to /HaTsadok Ka tamar yefrakh?
Please write to Alicia
We have scholarships open for Lebanese women, plus Iran, Bolivia, Catalonia, HK, etc.
Please do not engage this idiot Peters. He is clueless.
Imbecile, Lebanese are not nonwhite.
Women for now
We have 5 scholarships open for Lebanese women.
On a eu une vingtaine de médecins. Mais en général ils connaissent la statistique médicale.
Adam's Smith point is largely in the transformation of greed, outlined in Mandeville, and collaborative actions (i.e. behavior of groups). Liberalism is a side plot.
He was not against personal property.
You shd change to Lebanese from elistist foreign Arabic just as with killon y3ne killon ما_بندفع_التمن
Fucking idiot why are you trying to smear?
Fascists, please not elistists
1) The first #localist is Proudhon. He was both anarchist & federalist, understood the link between distributed power and centralization. "Anarchy is order without power". He got ran over by Marxists IYIs who fell for Marx's nonsensical handwaving "scientific" approaches. pic.twitter.com/dnh1mboOe1
Be nice!
I mean can't get other before Dec 10 so I need to pick up one and come back to Leb. There is a 32 R available now
Problem is waiting time...
@WolframResearch Is there a difference for a 16' Macbook betwen 32GB and 64 --for Monte Carlo/Numerical work? Thank you. pic.twitter.com/MFK8JmPFQj
Pray, more
I stopped too.
There will be some short adaptation until we move to blockchain.
I expect plenty of factories to be built once #RiadPonzi and his policies are terminated.  It took 3 years for Egypt and Turkey to build yuuuge reserves after their devaluation.  I will make sure Riad Salameh is remembered as the MOST HARMFUL person in the history of #Lebanon.
Meanwhile I am optimistic that once the Ponzi stops, we will have a yuuuuuge boom in #Lebanon.
After my USJ talk on #RiadPonzi & Localism a few "economists" went on MTV to explain I was nonsensical & "arrogant", it was not a Ponzi, Lebanon is different, etc. Triangle explains where it is a Ponzi: + Use new deposits to pay interest to existing depositors rather than invest! pic.twitter.com/0LtlAZsOTb
Neo Mediterranean
Genetics show otherwise. I did some work on war incidence.
Our paper in the philosophy of probability, with @DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/hc4gyy2qXQ
I block idiots right away.
Not true. These numbers are BS.
No. It is like RE-imposing Latin in England.
Arabic was never the lingua franca in daily life (Aramaic was) and Safaitic in the East. Arabic was largely a language for scholarship.  Evidence: no change from Jahiliyya to the early 20th C. Living languages change.  Levantine influenced Arabic as much as the reverse.
Emtin? Ana bi Lebnen 25% min kill shahr.
Thanks. In fact from Jerusalem (Not Gaza) to Antioch people speak a language that is remote from Classical Arabic and has different roots. Hence fascistic to impose a language on them.
Actually he accepted Rome.
Not just @RaniaKhalek but @MaxBlumenthal & group: they are STATISTICALLY shilling for someone into undermining US.  I'm against US interventionism/Saudi Barbaria, but it is FALLACIOUS to => (as the shills want you) accepting Iranian, Chinese, Maduro's SAVAGELY OPPRESSIVE regimes.
It's my business: nobody should coerce me into a language.
Erreurs: crise de 2008 pas 2018. Plus severe: Je ne suis pas contre le socialisme localiste (ou des communes peuvent etre socialistes) mais le socialisme centralisé.
LEBANESE DIASPORA Stop bullshitting from distance. Take a few days off, show up, express your solidarity, help the economy by spending offshore $$, chat with people in the crowd, insult a few anti-#localists, and come back.  #SkinInTheGame
Headline was too tempting.
Idiot, I do not self define as an Arab.
Sorry nothing personal but I block idiots.
Aboukhalil, seriously, how can someone as stupid and incoherent as you get a job teaching?  Seriously.
Anonymous imbecile, it is not about Arabs but Arabists.
That would be fun to listen to but I can't: Sam Harris is a charlatan. So long as he is upset, things are good.
Imbecile, Federations have armies. Who invades CH? How can someone be so ignorant yet have a job teaching?
Imbecile, you have the analytical abilities of a goldfish. That violent people were sometimes in history in favor of cantons doesn’t mean the idea of cantons is violent.  Imbecile.
See principia politica. Also don't pay attention to what that idiot Abukhalil says about himself, just observe his stance.
Start tagging Arabists as "facists" nemesis of #Localism They  COERCE you into an "identity" Destroy diversity & force a Medieval language w/purity  Stamp out Mediterranean culture in Lebanon, & its character as cultural crossroad  Example: antilocalist fascist @asadabukhalil
The exception that confirms the rule.
Χρόνια Πολλά !
People in Lebanon are not yet used to see a  person entirely free who doesn't give a fuck about his reputation.
This said, the best squid ink is in Beirut at Kelly's Fish Lounge but owing to circumstances, I will limit myself to simple sandwiches/pizzas. I can't think of squid ink & delicacies when people are suffering.
Σωστά!
He made the mistake of pathologizing someone, which to me is a yuuuge intellectual violation. He will pay for it for the rest of his life as I find it egregious: that's what the Soviets did with dissent. Never pathologize.
You mean that I should let idiots like you fuck with me & turn the other cheek so I don't get BSed with some psychological diagnosis?
You mean I should let idiots like you  Mr Nadim fuck with me with absolutely no consequences?  Please explain.
It’s on Youtube
Why the fuck do you want to impose an identity on him?
Here is the skinny. Depends on whatyoucall "mixture". pic.twitter.com/fruHJqvAYc
In my textbook I show but not with variance but 1/std the precision parameter
I said  never
That's first order. See my textbook
A mixture of Normal has all moments.
Not true. Here we keep regressing.
Problem my USJ lectktshur was on TV with ⅓ of the population watching so I can't go anywhere without being bothered. Only solution: beard shaven.
From the remarks of the mob @RaniaKhalek is sending my way, there is an ELEMENTARY defect of reasoning both with her & the mob.  One can be AGAINST US interventionism yet AGAINST repressive theocracy & AGAINST the massacre of young protesters in Iraq & Iran.  Fehménin?
Another paper, part of our PP. This is for error on errors and I use the result.
Finishing a paper in philosophy of probability with @DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/TofruImYBO
Outside an ancestral environment (or a small village), you cannot be both ethical and striving for people to like you.
Again I alologize, Dr Harb, but I am very, very intolerant. Nothing personal, as I said.
Not recommended.
No. You need to trust the source. Also you may be lulled by a certain stance. You may agree with the propagandist on Iran vs Saudi Arabia, then get confused thinking all her positions are clean.
Ignorant, I do trash every shill for Saudi Barbaria.
MODERNISM Before the formation of the Greek Nation-State & Nordic historical manufacturing, Greek "identity" was not built ar. Classical Greece,but Greek Orthodoxy  Greek Restaurants, now called "Olympic", Acropolis, wd have been "Agios Nikolaos", "Ag. Dimitrios", "Aya Pelagia"
MENA is the insulting term for nonelephant animals, "Anything that is not developed near Europe". Greece & Turkey were "Levant" until Greece got into EU.
Not from wali! Did you check the spelling of the prophet 3ayn lam yod? (not Eliaho).
You Southerners are Galileans...  A play here on ὑψόω and ταπείνωσις
Never with high weights (< half the deadlift). One supersquat once in a while. I've seen too many weightlifters who keep claiming "squats are good for you" also say that they have bad knees.
He is right. Western Sicily was PUnic, while East was Greek.
Ma7mud, why do you have AUB professors like Mona Harb bullshitters? Do you teach elementary reasoning in your philosophy department?
He is not squatting
Not always
No “pursuit of achievements”. Except perhaps deadlift 500lbs
No idea...
Power
What if their influence was about forcing skin in the game?
I told an assembly of prominent farts in Lebanon, the local establishment: I don't care about you f*cks, so long as your children are reading the INCERTO. And they are.
I respect those who seek influence; never those who seek power.
Believe it or not, it was listened to in the South and the Bekaa. Incredible.
I am a statistician. There are patterns of behavior ("clusters")
Lebanon and Iraq? It is unpardonable.
The designation is not robust. East-Med is robust.
No
In other words we get an exponential out of a power law.
Wrong.
He is not getting the fractality. The commune is another agent.
Interesting (and shocking) result. The "missing tail" for a power law follows a thin-tailed distribution. pic.twitter.com/Uh2RR8ikzF
The other mystery is the link to "barca".
GRECO-SEMITIC MYSTERIOUS PHILOLOGY DU JOUR:  Seems that qariba قارب (small boat) doesn't come from קָרוֹב  قرب, proximity (to coast) but from the Byzantine Greek καράβι (pl.l καράβια) [same root as"crab"]  Could the Byz. Greek originate from the Semitic קָרוֹב via Syrian Greek?
I saw a pict with money flows somewhere. Do you have it?
It feels the riots are more likely to succeed in Iran because: 1- Trump did not claim direct credit  2- Little news coverage 3- It feels like it is about time, I mean about time
#RiadPonzi These estimates were close. Got new information, the alpha coefficient is stable. pic.twitter.com/hsgpzkZuOY
Yes
East Med is NOT Middle East. Different ecosystem
When the fuck will you stop using “Middle East”?
Complex systems have mechanisms, not leaders.  (Lectures on #localism)
Ramanujan
Groethendieck
PP
You’re an idiot
My point is that if you are selling millions and someone is lecturing you on how to make your style “better” you shd tell him to fuck off. But sales are not indicative of quality. Only #Lindy is
Wait until the Q&A!
The Lebanese are still shocked by my "in your face" blunt, totally unapologetic, uncompromising, no-BS, "he's incompetent"/"you're an idiot" approach, esp when I address IYI "specialists"  I threw someone w/unsollicited advice "diplomacy is more effective" out of my house.
Was told of 2 categories according to Dan Azzi: + Empty suits + Zegna empty suits
Very rough statistical estimatess. Wished the banks told us more. Good news for the small depositor pic.twitter.com/WKp6ptnO9J
I think the haircut can be milder 200k-1 mil, since the bulk is from accounts>1 mil
Solved half pic.twitter.com/BAJ2Hg9oZv
I actually enjoy playing with the Q&A...
QUIZ (Statistical sleuthing) We know that  +1% of accts in #Lebanon own 50% of total, $170 bil +accts <$200K represent $20 bil in total (rough numbers) Assume Pareto distr.  How many accounts have > 200K, 1 mil, 10 mil ?  What's the weekly drain from 1000$ withdrawal per acct?
Yes, we computed that the true deficit is an extra 60% of GDP to a total of >200%.
Reserves.
I would take the net.
Conventional. What's the difference in total weight?
1848 changed Europe, eventually created modernity, even though they had massacres.
Why the fuck can't you get the war is over? That was 37 years ago. Idiots like you are making it impossible for people to live together.
It is not Sunnis, but Salafis vs Secular Sunnis (formerly Ottoman Sufis in Tripolis)
#Localism A crowd starts clapping from one single trigger.  Revolutions (1848, #LebanonProtest, Iran, Iraq, Chile, H-K, Barcelona) spread spontaneously, "leaderless", bec. complex systems work by 1 heuristic: once you find the trigger, you get power law behavior. Hard to reverse.
He said "Tripolis is 10% Salafi, mostly in one neighborhood, & there is no alcohol in the whole place out of fear. You need to either increase the subdivisions or force the sectarians into a secular system that will turn them into terrorists out of resentment."
I follow him but muted him recently.
#Localism at its best!!! Intoxicated by what is happening in Tripolis (Troblos) Tens of simultaneous ORDERLY discussion groups on constitutional, legal, economic matters Shocked to hear someone telling me "Tripoli shd not be one municipality " because "minority rules"! pic.twitter.com/kw6Ns9RPmP
Don’t need
A rioter was explaining the Silver Rule: “Mitl ma bit3omil btet3omal”
Troblos (Tripolis)  The epicenter of the Revolution. pic.twitter.com/BFauyzR9CF
Ignorant: BDL is doing a monetary policy in a FOREIGN currency
They believe in a Lebanese State but a Levantine identity. Things channge
They are complicated
Yuuuuuge float
II- Also as a bonus you "earn" the country risk since Aramco is located in the Shiite area with an oppressed minority who rightfully believe oil is theirs.
Calling  Riad Ramses XII's scheme "good monetary policy" is like saying "Madoff had steady returns with low risk".
Every day you don't restructure costs you more. Fhmt?
Different party, different generation, different people.
Gold mines have too much optionality
Thanks for pointing out the contradictions. I can't comment other than they said they were in favor of localism (my sine qua non condition). And SS is an upright citizen.
Reasoning: Aramco = OIL + Transaction costs + Overhead (fluff, Saudi patronage, McKinsey reports) + optionality on future oil fields or ones with extraction costs > strike  By shorting Aramco instead of oil you earn the costs.
I like your criticism and agree.
No, the point is to show the reverse is NOT true, as per the thread.
Since you put my handle:  There is a possibility that you are right abt "repetitive",  but a very high probability of your intellect being too low to get points from it -i.e., stuff pple get when rereading, or whether the Incerto can be summarized. Take my handle off the conv
There is.  Peoples’ accounts are marked down by 35%
Not quiye. Used to prop up the local currency
I am at lunch far away
É
The Lebanese MP from Amioun who was first to inform us that there was a Ponzi. One of the 2 or 3 clean politicians. S S3ade pic.twitter.com/xQd37jnf6W
Not always... one can be nice with the weak and tough with the dangerous
Bith
12 ½
Old village pic.twitter.com/6QlOCiqdxo
1 great grandmother and 1 great great grandmother
No, no,no. Can explain
Old Amioun architecture pic.twitter.com/xG2DCs9QAM
Arab Socialists are dangerously blind. Yugoslavia tried to do a TOP DOWN  Kumbaya, forcing the mixing of people of different religions (same language, tiny difference in accents) & blew up.  Switzerland went BOTTOM UP & is the most successful country in history. pic.twitter.com/FguMkFraNl
Then fuck off.
Exactly, my solution. NOW.
It would be more helpful to go lecture someone else.
Idiot, banks are ALREADY insolvent
Idiot, How about dollar debt and dollar liabilities? BDL has 40-50 net NEGATIVE reserves. Idiot
Fucking idiot what do you mean "opining without data"? Do you assume we don't know the data?
This is bullshit.  1-The Kumbaya false utopianism has destroyed societies and wrecked minorities. 2- You are changing the story. This is a central argument.  We are Intransigent to BS.
Ostrom
How did you know?
He dis not “mildly question” me  but missed the ENTIRE argument. Like you.
I am really sorry but I block idiots. Nothing personal.
Your fucking statement means you don't get that empirically people cause wars by forcing integration.
He's an idiot. I explicitly said that it shd be secular but municipalities should be free to elect to be religious. Freedom  @chehayebk is an idiot.
He does
No. To Anatolians
I said EXPLICITLY I never ACCEPT ANY public office. I don't owe anything to anyone.
If you don't like my style, don't read my books & don't come to my lectures. I never compromise.  #LebanonProtest pic.twitter.com/jHMCspyAti
I am neither your president nor your employee. I owe you NOTHING. I am free. I pitch my talks the way I want & fuck off if you don't like it.  Fhmt?
You shd only listen to speakers for idiots like you.
Then you should go to conferences for idiots like you
You’re an imbecile to think that speaking like a smooth talker = “good speaking abilities”.
"Notorious"... Or you may be either an idiot or someone used to slick bullshit vendors. People who make the effort get my message & I get millions of watchers. You are like imbeciles who give me advice on writing and I sold 6 million copies when they've sold 1000.
They you should not comment if you missed the intro.
Yes, Levantine is the language. We call it Neo-Kn3ané because "Levant" is from the vantage point of a Westerner and "Shami" (North) to a Southerner from the Peninsula.  People don't call themselves according to someone else's geography.
Fuck him. In Lebanon I speak Lebanese.
A simpler explanation: your friend is an idiot.
More precisely idiots like you don't get that we judge a country by the well being of its citizens not its geopolitical orientation or whether pro or against the West.
Imbecile, Gaelic was nearly a dead language and most of the Irish couldn't speak it.
Article 3 of the Principia: never unconditionally support or oppose a political party or  someone in office. pic.twitter.com/QAvOgNP9n4
Aleph, which can be silent
Imbecile
Pareto 80/20 Estimated share of deposits. I suggest NO HAIRCUT except for acc >500K-1m & progressive beyond. pic.twitter.com/JZxgt5Z8HB
GEORGIA as a model for #Lebanon  MOST successful post-Soviet state.  -Fired the entire police dept. Over 7 month w/o law enforcement, crime dropped by 60% (they claim) -Anti-corruption gov : most in their 20s, PM 32. 0 tolerance,$20 bribe=>7y jail #كلن_يعني_كلن @fadyasly
This tweet puts to rest all possible theories of "Aounist tendencies" on my part. I am intransigent & INDEPENDENT. Always, everywhere, w/ no political loyalties even if I am buddies w/@Gebran_Bassil   A judge has no friends. There are NO exceptions. #كلن_يعني_كلن #لبنان_ينتفض
Bingo. That's my argument.
Deposits shd  be ~same plus (tiny) shareholder's equity, no? Any breakdown?
Yes, 250 bn.
You need to look for deposits by banks with Central Bank.
Not necessarily bad.  A better picture if you take financial centers. Problem is that HK and CH it's for safety not Ponzi. pic.twitter.com/XXbuWHr4Yd
No. The driver switched to Uber.
Typo: ("incl Gold" shd be "excl. Gold"), but P/L (actual negative bleed) must me much > $5 bn.  Ref: Toufic Gaspard's note. pic.twitter.com/Ip0a0US4BP
You're an idiot.
Revised the paper on the misfitness of binary predictions in real life (and the nonsense in many psychological claims)  @spyrosmakrid pic.twitter.com/owoC1TWEjV
Imbecile. Read our paper.
Aoun seems to see the protests as some transitory annoyance --he appears to be irritated by the messenger.
"إذا ما في عندن قوادم بهالدولة يروحو يهاجرو"  "If you don't trust the representatives, leave"   So, go learn to improve your reading comprehension.
What the fuck do you mean? Who are you fooling?
Indeed I listened to his interview. That's what he said. And, what is worse, what he meant.
Do you think I am unable to read HIS statements? WHO are you trying to fool?
Mfakkar ma ba3ref e2ra?
President Michel Aoun You said that those who don't like the government should emigrate. I am doing the exact reverse. I left 43 years ago. I am now in transit to Beirut, just to make sure YOU emigrate.  #LebanonProtests cc:@Gebran_Bassil #لبنان_ينتفض pic.twitter.com/yM2vZybypr
Your ancestors used animal fat. There was NO seed oil.
FORMAL INVITATION.  First come first served pic.twitter.com/gNmMthVM5A
Non
He has been pronting USD
Lesson from Riad Salameh’s incompetence:   No central banker should ever try to print money in a foreign currency.
Fucking idiot it is closed and NOT my only firm. It continued under different ownership. Imbecile and liar.
This PR Sundar is a liar. And a fraud.
Owing to the responses, USJ will be using a different amphitheater >500 pple; a new announcement will be posted tomorrow.  [Also note that your twitter response is not a reservation but a market assessment; it is still first come first served]
I block idiots. Sorry.
Please no sophistry in my feed. I block quickly
Have you ever seen me polite?
Maybe @Decafquest or someone filming. The organizers should be able to do it.
Iza 7ada binazzima ma 3ené mshklé.
Sorry ghltt. Fikkarto bi lght l Sa7ra
Fik tktob bil "derej" b7arf 3arabé. Bass bil "dérej".
Lghtak hiyyé l bt7ké ma3 immak. Msh lghét l sa7ra lb3idé.  #Localism #Lma7alliyé
Leish 3am tktob bhallegha? Lghtak hiyyé l bt7ké ma3 immak
Beirut is a short flight.
Please make sure to confirm attendance. pic.twitter.com/PCB2KoXbsD
Adonis and Eshmun?
My lecture, Friday 6 PM "From Ponzi to Localism"  USJ School of Medicine Please confirm on Twitter so we can predict attendance.  LANGUAGE: Lebanese pic.twitter.com/aFdVZYf5BX
Pleaaaaaase Stop The Semantics. Localism means devolving small tasks, not a method of philosophical enquiry.
There is no Simpson’s Paradox under entropy.
If you buy this BS, you have a problem
WE MUST STOP SALAMEH NOW!  #RiadPonzi Salameh MUST suspend payments on the Eurobond & declare a moratorium. This is outright theft from Lebanese citizens.  Send to your friends! Will discuss further on Friday evening 6PM in Beirut  #lebanonprotest #لبنان__ينتفض
Imbecile. Total imbecile.
When you are scared, it is impossible to hide it, no matter how hard you try.
CURRENT TWITTER ACTIVISM  +#Localism & anti geopolitical BS vendors/Arabist fascism), & #lebanonprotest +#RiadPonzi +Pseudostatistics, esp. #Quilletbeciles/Neonazis/Eugenists w IQ claims & other #Alt-Right #Nordicists +#Nudge  Finished: #Monsanto, #SaudiBarbaria, #Econometrics
We don't have to avoid imports, but the local industry became ...just banks.  I want #RiadPonzi to pay for it.  #لبنان_ينتفض #LebanonProtests
Salameh's Ponzi killed the Lebanese economy: small  businesses, anything that could provide exports or mitigate imports has been crowded out.  #RiadPonzi #لبنان_ينتفض #LebanonProtests
Act quickly
Friends, looking for a Madoff expert to figure out how they finally allocated the losses.  #Ponzi #LebanonProtests #لبنان__ينتفض
Good news that Western newspapers are not reporting on #LebanonProtests. Why?  Journos only get geopolitics & this is (still) a localist anti-geopolitical revolt.  Trick by BS vendors (eg @tomfriedman) who understand nothing is make things geopolitical. (See #TheBlackSwan)
Fucking imbecile, disprove the statistics first.
In #Antifragile (2012) explaining how currency pegs (for non-exporting countries) lead to disasters  #lebanonprotest #لبنان__ينتفض pic.twitter.com/UYDw7yTDNr
He did not understand currency pegs.
The bigger issue is that Riad Salamé is totally clueless.
You are absolutely clueless.
To those who say "Lebanon has serious problems" my answer is "Lebanon HAD serious problems" --these did not show before.  Once Riad Ponzi is out, & the state gets out of the way & stops killing businesses, the economy will be much more solid.  #LebaneseProtests #لبنان__ينتفض
Salameh is very very stupid, aside from his Ramses II-like problem
I never take instructions/orders
No Peg as ever worked except to cap the currency from rising in the presence of yuuge inflows (Saudi Arabia, HK, etc.)
Has not. US Promoted Arabism.
I will give a talk in Beirut Friday 6 PM  +Municipalism/Localism as the SOLE solution +Comments on the Ponzification & how it choked local industry +Fragility/Antifragility & bouncing back  (In Lebanese/Neo-Canaanite)  "Berytus Nutrix Legum" #LebaneseProtests #لبنان__ينتفض
There is no contradiction Canaanite-Phoenician (like French -European)
As the insightful @saifedean proposes, the salvation for Palestinians is localism/libertarianism. Follow him not the pseudo-left who destroyed their cause.
In my lecture I mention the fakeness of Palestinian pseudo-"left". They stigmatized Lebanese localists-Phoenicianists as "right wing" for wanting to use their historical language & culture while supporting Irish localists-separatists as "left wing" & "liberation" fighters. Fraud pic.twitter.com/w7UvLf0u0K
Fucking imbecile, nobody is denying Gaussian applications. IT is the mistake of using Gaussian for Fat Tails. Imbecile.
Imbecile.
I am free to write in any alphabet I wish to write in.  Ru7é 2ri ghayré.
Klueless. This is no longer 2004. You don't identify ancient populations by Volterra's current population, but using ancient DNA.
You can fake being entertained; you can't fake being bored.
Not “fatter the tails” but the more in the tails. Applies to thin tailed far tails as well.
Imbecile, Etruscans were Anatolians J2
Those who were were educated in Greek. Why are all alt-right and Quillettist people so ignorant and stupid?
Rome was not civilized then.
Also note that 1) Rome was tiny, 2) Southern Italy (Magna Grecia) was East Med, then  Rome got bigger (2000%) and inflows (entropy) must have been dominated by South->Rome.  Nothing to do with Imperial Shminperial.
What default probability/Recovery do you get?
Yes these morons don't get  Levant ≠ Middle East
The hitch is that some slaves refused to be freed. @_benoux_
They usually don't, imbecile.
Imbecile Rome was the backwater a fifth rate city in the Bronze age.
La lezione ogni meze di Calabrese— Franco pic.twitter.com/GMhYkqU6ni
#Lebanon Finances dePonzification:  Only rational haircut is to charge people in proportion to cumulative intrst earned. Fugedabout duration. Interest collected is be the ONLY target. Someone who earned 10K on 1 Mil gets same haircut as soneome who earned 10K on 500K. @DaniFromIC
The Greece-Rome is merely a metaphor from Polybius. The rest: - Entire idea of Talmudic style is for "couper les cheveux en quatre".
Not like Iraqui or Assyrian, but like a Med
Excellent.  The Golden rule is ONLY for tail events. Can I cite your reasoning in PRINCIPIA?  i am already giving you credit for Pedophrasty.
People YOU know directly. Remote family members.
Aside from Slavery, are there cases of helping people against their will?
Yes agree but there is a frequent conflation Golden-Silver.
No, that white caucasian is NOT just Nordic
This idea completely destroys the "Aryan" theories used by Nordics to get credit for the "Western" civilization: it was Meds, not you f*cks. pic.twitter.com/UQxr6iaqUJ
And Europa being the daughter of the King of Tyre
He looked like a Southern Italian.
Science is beautiful. As I kept saying (cf the Mary Beard controversy), historians who make East Meds/Levantines/Jesus look different from Romans in the chromoclassification "White/NonWhite" are shown to be BS vendors. Ancient Romans: v. close to East Meds, v. far from Nordics. pic.twitter.com/X4APkCn1co
Sorry for your loss, James.
My summary of the flaws in Pinker's book. pic.twitter.com/IeAoYPCN3d
*S. Pinker as a BS vendor* Du Jour: The Nobel Commission has a book on the drop in violence w/papers showing entertainer @sapinker has statistical flaws and FALSE CLAIMS (wrt Richardson). What does entertaineer Pinker do? He bullshits that we agree we "need to understand it". pic.twitter.com/pPwMprLNDv
9-Cantons mtl Swissra bass mush 3a asés ta2ify bass jghrafé.  Talama l3alam 2lon ha22 yn2lo w ysawwto weyn ma 3eyshin. Leish? pic.twitter.com/wm5jZQj5iU
A truly free person travels for both journey and destination.
8- Hatta l 7ayawénét biyarfo ya3mlo ta3ayush! pic.twitter.com/FUdQXtRj9m
I block idiots. Sorry, nothing personal.
7- L Model l-Swissrané (Cantons) bi farjé inno ma fi 7rubét dékhliyyé. Bass bi Lebnén ma n3melon ta2ifiyyé, bass jghrafiyyé. [Non sectarian but geographic Cantons]. Leish? Il ta2ifé bye3mela ta2ifé iza baddo, wlgheyr ta2ifé bye3mela mtl ma baddo! "Right to move" pic.twitter.com/qhers1Sog1
Yes, he is a close friend (intellectshually). He has been smeared by the Thaler IYI crowd and, earlier, by Tversky.
France tried to centralize from Colbert and failed. The state was mostly for war and taxation.
6- L Selem byéjé minl terkibé [STRUCTURE] mish min akl hawa!  L3alam byéttéf2o sawa aktar lamma JIRAN min lamma ykuno bfard beit! pic.twitter.com/cvRo825BM9
5- Fransa jarrabét 300 séné la wslo lal markaziyyé ta7t Mitterrand! pic.twitter.com/a9I4q0I28V
4- NSI Yasaré-Yaminé. L far2 beyn l systeme l mrakkab wl la markaziyyé.  Fi markaziyyé w la markaziyyé. Hayda yallé barhanito l a7dés! pic.twitter.com/Omj79x1amp
3- Fi mél l istghlél, w fi mél l 7alél. Ma tntebe7 la hol mtl Charbel Na77as l finnasin yasariyyé ma byefhamo 3 3am ystghllo lwad3 baddon ykharrbo l balad! pic.twitter.com/wncQUQtBai
2-L mabda2 l 2asésé Ma 7ada ilo ha22 yefrod 3leik nizam siyésé ma baddak yé!  Ma 7ada ilo ha22 yefrod 3leik hawwiyyé! ["National and cultural identity".] pic.twitter.com/LiIpiYhHwy
3am tarjem m7aadert mbéré7 3al Lebnéné [Néo Kn3ané].  1-  Kill ma kéno l jarayed bizahh2o kill ma a7san l balad: ma fi siyésé duwaliyyé "geopolitics" w min ijtama3 ma3 aya safir! pic.twitter.com/v5BgXghsbj
Great. How many kg for each?
Localism means you exercise the Golden rule to VOLUNTARY recipients.  Gabish?
You disagree without even knowing the argument. Which is where I block people.
OK, look at my answer in thread in 1 hour about a good system is one "people are better neighbors than roommates". My point is that what matters is STRUCTURE.
Sorry but I block imbeciles.
You don't have a CLUE about the Swiss model. People DO NOT have to cooperate peacefully. Clueless.
No, genius. How about Swiss Localism?
This is the Silver rule.
Tonight's Lecktshur at @LAUNYHQ, I present the problem of the Golden rule: intrusive, vs. Silver Rule.  #Localism= Silver Rule, rejection of golden rule. #Lebanon Nobody should ever force you into something "because it is good for them". pic.twitter.com/gkIpz0ivOk
Law
Roman social life ended before sundawn. For security reasons. Salon life in cities dragged on, but only in cities.
When you say something you think are just saying something, but you are largely communicating *why* you had to say it.
No.  It is tradeable. Everything else is an observable.
Imbecile
Try France!
I initially spared him. But he proved to be an abject individual. And an obsessive racist.
Mafi illa Salim S3adé wa7do ! Kén 3am bi illé bil mshklé bi bayt khayyik 3al 3asha.
Henné ma druré yw3o. Fi ghayron.
Just found a mistake in my paper concerning the @spyrosmakrid  M4 competition (as I had the wrong description): the testing metric is always thin tailed EVEN if the underlying variable is fat tailed. pic.twitter.com/VOwRRgWDUZ
Druzes genetically are Anatolians, close to the Kurds ... and the Ashkenazis.
l wa3e telteyn l 7all
No, religious lines don't work as secular people don't like it. Geography at high granularity allows people to pick their "group" however defined. Like CH.
Déb l talej w...
Phoenician
It’s a play on “commune”
Please explain
Localism is the new ... communism
Book now you can cancel later
Drama? You these these massacres are not dramatic events?
It was a Med, Capodistria, who designed their system --though not that of Greece, no?
He is my friend Salim S3ade
Si l’on n’est plus que mille, eh ! bien, j’en suis ! Si même  Ils ne sont plus que cent, je brave encore Sylla ;  S’il en demeure dix, je serai le dixième ; Et s’il n’en reste qu’un, je serai celui-là !
Et s’il n’en reste qu’un je serai celui- la! Hugo
Nothing personal but I block idiots.
I can understand someone defending Iran against Salafis/Saudi Arabia. Never anyone  -supporting Iran's regime in the murders of Iraqi youths -supporting Iranian interference in the #Lebanonprotest, largely by youths FED UP w/their exploitation for geopolitics.  #Localism
Gigerenzer's papers
Plein d'erreurs: c'est le borgne qui suit l'aveugle.
They were Lax about the rules in the 1970s.
There was a time when they could, before Greece joined the EU.
Cover and Thomas has a chapter on doubling rate
But there was war in past 30y, including the 2006 war & the Salafi threat.
LEBANON A bit of empiricism French and UK voters send their "heroes" Churchill and De Gaulle home after the war. Same with Bush the elder after the successful Persian Gulf war. War arguments & "resistance" do not register during periods of peace.  #LebanonProtests #لبنان_ينتفض
LEBANESE LIRA I hear that the Lira is trading at ~ 1675. No worries. A 10% deval. is nothing since the Lira commands much higher int rates than USD. [A holder of LIRA would still  be profitable.]  Even a 50% deval. would just cover the last few years of interest r differential.
IIgnore
#RWRI 12 An explanation for fat tails from feedback loops:  "Abyssus abyssum invocat" תְּהוֹם-אֶל-תְּהוֹם קוֹרֵא
Pavel
Arieh
7. The Russians are here
No, imbecile. My argument is that she ignored the selection bias.
4/n Problem of teleology: the French Gov. started explicitly an internet (Minital) and failed, what survived is the side effect of a military application. @MazzucatoM: Given the % of GDP by government, what % of  innovation came from government? Didn't gov displace private invt?
3/n  @mazzucatoM claimed that by attending Princeton high school she attended a "state school". Scale effect: it's a school for the residents of the commune, equivalent in its functioning to a private school.
2/n Govt bureaucrats are not boring & lacking in innovative drive because they didn't study strategy in business schools (i.e. because of their education) as claimed by @mazzucatoM, rather boring people tend to work for government.
1/n Just listened on way to #RWRI the @econtalker podcast with @mazzucatoM about the government role in innovation "investor of first resort". Will comment further after I read the book, but found many flaws in reasoning by Mazzucato:
No
SITG the chapter of the minority rule and the following one.
#RWRI  entropy pic.twitter.com/Hco7vTWOco
The mechanism is vastly different.
Also the West was born in the Mediterranean. We are Meds. These fascist imbeciles (bent on purity) want closed identities.
Block idiots.
#RWRI 12 : Robert Frey ⁦@financequant⁩ showing how the “blind watchmaker” (see book by BS vendor @richarddawkins) is improper characterization of evolution and complex systems: a watch half built is jot a watch. pic.twitter.com/iW8rn5XuIm
The way political parties and militias self destruct.  They can use weapons against ISIS and Israel, never against their own constituents. They are done. #لبنان__ينتفض #LebanonProtests pic.twitter.com/hXWWArIwCQ
Indeed he was threatening.
#RWRI 12 pic.twitter.com/aSrEOiRb5V
#RWRI 12 pic.twitter.com/o0rMJZCTb9
3eli is Eli, Eliaho is Elie
I meant “mute” on twitter
Waynak?
No, Arabic in Leb has been the top down language and pple write in Engl/Fr
@BLebnene
Fuck constitutions
Nor is Lebanese w Arabic
Idiot, you never decentralize the military.
Didn't you read on my feed that I block idiots?
LEbanese is a dialect of Levantine, hence same language as Western Syrian.
ما في مشكله فينا نوصللن ب Triangulation
A kind of network, but not desirable (one dimensional), but beats standard statist hierarchies. pic.twitter.com/XKhytgCC2i
Can you lecktshur Thursday AM?
Scaling, tort laws, precautionary principles.
I block idiots. Sorry, nothing personal. It is just to clean up my feed for a dialogue with minimum sophistry.
coercion
New York pic.twitter.com/dmu6PyobeR
Playing with probability distributions to illustrate network behavior. Put an arrow and you get hierarchy. pic.twitter.com/qJJA4fCYji
Please correct ASAP
Incidentally monotheism is to the left, paganism is in the middle. (Also to the left stands the branch of protestantism called scientific "atheism") pic.twitter.com/mcE5WaraIb
Yes, goes to middle
No, factions control the state on the left.
Yes but consider the alternative.
THREAD on STATISM My problem w/"socialists" is that they are statists & intrusive, not pro-welfare. I am for a negative tax (minimum income)= to $$ spent on welfare, saving spending on bureaucrats. But they refuse because they want to DIRECT how ppple spend $ & pay cronies.
John Gray.
CEMENT IN LEBANON. As in elsewhere, construction is a mafia business. Cement Imports are banned to benefit factories in Lebanon (that employ Syrian workers). Lebanese citizens pay TWICE the price for concrete. The margins are shared by the Kleptocrats.  #Lebanon #لبنان_ينتفض
Lebanese.
I silenced her. Ignore idiots.
Rosica in Lebanese "yrzo2" (actually rischio may come from Levantine "rizk")
Sorry I block idiots.
Check rest of the tweet storm. Converges to middle.
Over time for the sake of efficiency & owing to, say, preferential attachment, networks are pulled into the center, from unifom to power laws or maybe lognormal. The one of the left collapses. Centralized systems end up collapsing after pseudostability Explained in #TheBlackSwan
“Agree” is BS when facing scientific evidence. Fhmt?
Imbecile
Phase 3
The problem with historical reporting is overestimation of agency: narratives require leaders so people are fooled by journos etc. about the exact process.  Same overestimation of agency as the one in #fooledbyrandomness #لبنان_ينتفض
Slowly will move there.
To the left, how both Nasrallah, his enemies, & journalists think Lebanese Politics should work.  To the right is how the protesters proved it works. Complex systems generatee spontaneous order.  Progress lies in having NO leaders.  #لبنان_ينتفص #Localism #LebaneseProtests pic.twitter.com/BBSy7tY91V
In LEBANESE
100%. When can I do so?
Sorry I block idiots.
When did you hear a French politician speaking Latin?
You are not getting it. This is a tautology, nothing ot do with the process generating it pic.twitter.com/niIN7H0liW
TArjem 3al Lebnéné.
Fuckoff
Look at the volume of the componenta
You’re not getting what I am fucking saying. Reread!
A lot of commercial, which has been hammered.
Nobody seems to be getting what I am saying: The assets of the ETFs should be dropping, no? Easy/tight money affects real estate, not just ETF.
Law 3eyesh lyom ken localist
Yes but inventories dropping in value
Bl 3akes. Shufé Swissra. L dawlé lal difé3  bass.
No
I do not wish to be considered for any official position in #Lebanon, so PLEASE remove my name. I prefer to help in other ways. This is the 3rd request. #LebanonProtests pic.twitter.com/xVMUqiB47s
It was a skin in the game remark, like yours, not derived from any other author.
Fik tktbo bil Inglizé?
No
Min katab hayda?
Crap
@Monsantobuster
I asked to be removed.
I blocked this idiot. Nasser+Iraq-Syria nationalizations, land "reform", expropriations.... Block those who spread lies about history.
No, imbecile, that the socialism project failed. Do all Marxists have reading difficulties?
Please don't ask.
(cont) With Modi also no tie (twice). Only exception: the US Senate. They refused to let me testify without a tie, so I borrowed one. pic.twitter.com/bycwHwwFsT
I deposited my last business tie in the garbage can at the corner of 48th St and Park avenue in December 1993, only kept ones for funerals. Since then wore no tie at 10 Downing, White House, etc. Below with 12 (former) heads of state-cum-tie guests of Nursultan Nazarbaev. pic.twitter.com/QV2R1BKDs9
These low-intellect Western Arabists trying to force their 1001 night identity on us don't know that "merci" came to Lebanon via Turkish, Armenian, & Farsi. The Edward Said "collonial" is Total BS: the French spend 2 decades on a military mandate. pic.twitter.com/hT1JeZkR5n
They lie to you
Killon!
A heuristic to pick out a fraudster in #Lebanon, helpful for the selection of new ministers: 1) Wears a tie (hence empty suit), & 2) Speaks on TV in Classical Arabic (a dead Semitic language, similar to shouting in Medieval Latin in the UK Parliament).
Lindy: the latest format and a #Lindy text pic.twitter.com/algPBvUhdW
TV
To repeat: If my enemies knew me better, they would hate me even more.  [Bed of Procrustes]
And intolerant.
I will try.
Ismon "loan words".
Proud of my Archbishop!  Vacuum is better than what we currently have. pic.twitter.com/fuWaGwSBZw
2awe3ed l lbnéné ghary l 3arabé. 2ri elli ktabto bil ma2al 3a Medium.
BernieSanderistas are trying to promote a fake idea of "Nordic Socialism".  Nordics are  1)Yuugely localists (see #Antifragile on communes); they empowered local lang [Danish, Norwegian, Swedish] & don't call them "dialects of Nordic".  2) Are NOT socialists [Soc. failed in 70s]
Idiot, it is not #Arabic, but a common #Semitic thing.
I block idiots. Sorry.
Nasser nationalizations ? Think before you tweet.
This is Arabic. Write to me in Lebanese.
Ref? Thanks!
More financial engineering? 3 Bil from the CB= 3 Bil deficit.  Plan B = Moratorium on payments to Leb banks. Maybe necessary.
QUIZ DU JOUR Option traders might recognize some sort of butterfly pic.twitter.com/ca7Y9ZtJxh
No
I block idiots.
Imbecile, distributed decisions are harder for lobbyists to control.
Ashkenazis did away with the 3 and 7
You have a moral duty to write in the language of the population. The French parliament does not use Latin.
I live in Amioun partly
8- WARNING I see that many Marxists/Socialists, Arabists & other intellectual fraudsters are trying to own the riots. The problem is that Socialist regimes worsen the problems (Nasser choked Egypt, Baath killed Syria/Iraq, Algeria). All these are Statists.  Solution is #LOCALISM
7- SOLUTIONS It would be nice to but some kleptocrats in jail, particularly that funds are traceable. This will happen. But it is PATRONAGE that needs to  go. Let me repeat, PATRONAGE! This can ONLY happen via decentralization as the larger the cental state, the more patronage.
6- People are angry because: a-they share the debt burden w/no benefits b-the Leb State messes up everything it touches, except security c-unlike Maluf, kleptocrats do not deliver  The need for religious "harmony"  allowed a multi-sect "elite" to milk the system to the bone.
5- (Cont some clarity about #Lebanon) Corruption doesn't necessarily kill economic activity (Brazil's Paulo Maluf "steals but delivers"). Except that the way the Petit Segneurons operate is to use their franchise by imposing yuuuge red tape: No electicity, no garbage collection!
4- The patronage system got out of control: government contracts grabbed by cronies, in a scheme orchestrated by people in/out of government, s.a. the Grand Segneura & many less visible Petit Segneurons populating ministries.   Kleptocracy is traceable& illegal, not patronage!
3- Meanwhile the Gov is that of a federation, which is good (via healthy sectarianism) but government service is simply PATRONAGE, for each sect to get the max from the system. A healthier federation is to do it according to geography, via municipal power.
2- Luckily the Ponzi involves only 2 parties, Leb Gov (via Ramses XIII Salameh) & the banks. Hence easy non-inflationary cancellations w/clawbacks from those who made millions are possible. In the meanwhile Gov is taxing back the banks to cover secondary deficit, very smart move.
#LEBANON, in Summary  1- Leb government got involved in a Ponzi (facilitated by Ramses XIII, Riad Salameh) that sucks up all funds from the system. People have no incentive to put $ (say inheritance from a childless maternal aunt) in a business; get >10% interest from the bank.
Yes, needs to be set top down. Too many reckless drivers inflict risks on others. Falls under the regulatory exceptions.
Same with #Lebanon driving rules: except for speed, chaos is beneficial. Speed limits are necessary because of nonlinearity. From #Antifragile pic.twitter.com/mIp166DxZQ
Shu bi bi3?
Just deleted what I suspect to be false news.
Sorry I block idiots.
L Atrak kéno ysta3mlo klmét frenséwiyyé mtl "coiffeur, pardon, ascenseur, police, merci" etc. Ba3don l Arman w l Frs bi2oulo "merci". Manna dghré mnil frenséwé.
Kamén "merci" jéyé mnil Terké msh mnil Frenséwé.
"Shoukran" is not a local Lebanese word. #Localism
Localism is the intelligent form of anarchism.
This government move in #Lebanon is actually intelligent.  Banks are main holders of gov debt in a Ponzi-like scheme, with onerous interest rates. These contribute to the deficit, setting a vicious circle. Instead of cancelling debt servicing, tax the banks. Quite smart. pic.twitter.com/KMMuvKMEt4
Yes, we can tawk finance in 45 min if you want.
Corruption is veryyyyyyyyyyy traceable. Remember that 5 out of 5 former Presidents of Peru are currently in jail. We have more tools today to dig stuff in the past.  Would like to see a dozen kleptocrats in Lebanon behind bars.
There is NO banking secrecy. And no offshore companies are shielded.
GOOD NEWS Kleptocrats in #Lebanon should realize is that every financial transaction done on Planet Earth since 2005 is traceable (the aftermath of Sep 11). Even if one uses prête-noms. Even if one uses cryptocurrencies, art work, etc.  You cannot hide anything anymore.
Imbecile
Weyn 3etesh?
Venezuela
Block imbeciles.
There is my English version
They vote, no?
After 2 days of fighting in Atlanta ⁦@DrCirillo⁩ and I finally proved the curse of dimensionality for errors of Copulas. While keeping up with the #LebanonRevolts pic.twitter.com/PbUvfcMWoZ
I suggest asking him directly.
Ha! He inadvertently took my side.
*YOU* don't. Others may. Perhaps you should try to put yourself in the place of others.
Nadim why are you retweeting this Makdisi fascist? This guy is an Edward-Said style anti-localist Arabist fascist with the intellectual rigor & historical understanding of an overcooked artichoke.
Riad Salamé, let me know when we can talk. We need to discuss the Ponzi you helped organize (and what the exact numbers are).  There is no way citizens should inherit such a debt burden. Given that primary deficits are ~OK, you have some explanations to do. pic.twitter.com/Wr9NJhyAUj
Not my point. My point is taxes adapt to the clientele. Some municipalities have higher taxes/spending to adapt to richer/poorer crowds.
You are not getting that THAT is what they are fighting.
Reverse
Imbecile.
KLEPTOCRACY: It is important to note that corruption is NOT necessarily in the government (often composed of transient ministers) but deep in the opaque administrations. Which is why decentralization makes things salient.
LOCALISM in LEBANON pic.twitter.com/Bym65b0st4
Yes but under competition the system adjusts. Ignore capitalists and focus on rules.
Halla2!
Terek ba3d RWRI
You don’t need to tell people what to do the block function is available
2) The current villains (Siniora, Berri, Basil) will, over time, look much more like villains, whether justified or not. Salamé will, of course, be dragged through the mud. #Lebanon PS- I spend a week per month there but missed events because of #RWRI 12
RIOTING LESSON  101; When rioters win concessions from the governement, they ask for more.  #Lebanon  1/n
Demonize?
A Lebanese fellow said, criticizing my hyper localism: "but there is a lot of corruption within municipalities".  Answer: "Corruption shows very easily within municipalities".
The question is whether "Baada vaut bien une messe".  (Henry IV converted to Catholicism to become king).
Niet
Doesn't matter, the haplogroup doesn't change.
5) RENT-SEEKING Let me repeat: the "rent seeker" is someone who tries to use the state via contacts and regulations to extract income without risk (say a crony), nothing to do with the "rentier". Anyone conflating the two will be blocked. pic.twitter.com/tqKXJFgGyX
Didn't I fucking explain that the "rentier" is NOT the rent seeker?
Imbecile.
Yes, indeed wealth has fatter tails than income.
Wrong definition of rent seekers. Here it means a nonrisktaker with a government/semi-gov  job milking the system
Khalil, can we discuss with @PZalloua? He has a few tribal samples pointing to an East Mediterranean ancestry.
4) The best summary pic.twitter.com/DdqlBP1ZgT
3) The biggest danger we face is for the disgruntlement against kleptocracy to be exploited by Marxists & Socialists who generate the mother of all cronyisms and kleptocracies.
Researchers are discovering they are J2... more on that w/@PZalloua
Genes network: You eyeball easily how the distribution remains (sort of) thin-tailed.  Apply to roads until you get spooked.  Now apply this to globalization & you can see why I got scared of it when writing The Black Swan: it causes concentration/winner-take-all effects. pic.twitter.com/RK3dOYnxxy
Fucking idiot, this is my style. Go read someone else.  I despise nitpickers.
Akid. La7 ishtghl min hon. W la7 e3mol Youtube 3an 7alé.
Ana bi Atlanta
Needs to be bottom up
Eja wa2tkon ya 7ramiyyé
For those not used to Twitter language (or aphorisms), "it's not" should be translated into academic discourse unburdened with space constraints as "not necessarily so".
Where did I say "all infrastructure is bad"?
One  hitch: Donaldo's letter is closer to that of the Sultan than to the response by the Cossacks.
Donaldo's letter to Erdogan will be remembered in international affairs as the 2019 version of the Cossaks letter to the Ottoman Sultan Mehmed IV. pic.twitter.com/qzA4jLZgP5
In 2008 I held that something as absurd as the pseudo-Nobel in economics would end self-destructing. No point fighting it: it would collapse under the weight & monstrosity of the fraud. You can't fool people forever. 2019 did the job.
Was there any sanction?
Sanctions work with countries like Turkey & China that depend on the West, not with Iran/Syria after 40 years of autarchy. The mere threat made the currency collapse.
Hi hahakham lomed m kol adam.
Disagree on onne point: humans live in groups.
You read the news written by idiots. Go visit.
The fastest way to become rich is to socialize with the poor; the fasted way to become poor is to socialize with the rich.
Oui
Peterson is a charlatan.
Gated
You have severe  difficulties in READING comprehension. It does not mean the prof should not prepare, only that he knows the material without preparing.
“Frivolous” is a nice coverup argument!
M7n vs Manyaké as described by @Confusezeus  You call a number, ask for Joseph: - "Jozef Khouré hon?" - Wrong number. Call again, same thing. That's "m7n". Call 3rd time: Hi, I am Jozef Kouré. Did anyone call for me? That's manyaké.
PHILOLOGY DU JOUR The most untranslatable word I know: "M7n" in Lebanese. Unlike other untranslatable expressions, you cannot even easily describe what it is.
No It was NOT the Black Death but Justinian's plague. And it hit the East as well as the "West". The Black Death was in the 1300s.
Those with brains no balls become mathematicians, those with balls no brains join the mafia, those with no balls no brains become economists (unless they have mental issues, in which case they become psychologists).  And those with brains and balls become ____?
Not sure Semitic languages are "AfroAsiatic". Both I-E and Semitic seem to come from same place, probably Anatolia.
Those with brains no balls become mathematicians, those with balls no brains join the mafia, those with no balls no brains become economists.  And those with brains and balls become ____?
Not what this says... The "Europe" is Scandinavia? All Meds got the mixture in the Bronze Age.
No... the haplogroups are from the fathers
Phoenicians and Ancient Egyptians were Western Eurasians, which is the correct clade (and one that includes Southern Europe). Bernal didn't understand genetics.
THREAD on How the Nazis (& predecessors) created a link with (some of) the Mediterranean populations, to manufacture a common "race" with former Barbarians and a continuum of civilization.  Chapoutot, thanks to recommendation by @holland_tom pic.twitter.com/KEdcKrbFHb
Voila, there don't seem to be many other f(x). pic.twitter.com/G9u0CU21Ns
How did you derive? Please show steps.
I mean reciprocal.
It seems so otherwise it would be absurd
Math QUIZ du jour.  (Please refrain from commenting outside the exact topic.) pic.twitter.com/jsQuIsC7GS
You want me to thank you for being a dhimmi? Fuck off.
J2 is MOSTLY in the Caucasus. It originates there. Haplo are only good for groups.
Can explain how you handle this. Like Belgium.
You don't get it. Meds are J2 (Romans, Greek, Etruscans...) Europe is a political not a genetic union.
Better fences make better neighbors. Better neighbors than room mates. So if some neighborhood in Tripoli wants to be Salafi, better that way. Sectarianism is not necessarily bad.
You cannot survive without fractal homophilia
For COMMENTS pic.twitter.com/eTMMitpVsP
My problem is that ONLY mathematicians know LaTeX which is the most powerful method. Typesetters who work for publishers are not familiar, so they re-key foolishly.
Eveentually, this pic.twitter.com/1FxmBnhTRg
"Academic circles"? You mean third rate Academic circles/Arabists?
(cont) pic.twitter.com/rbN8SyBFQq
The inside: unfortunately one needs to break paragraphs manually pic.twitter.com/CHhlc5rXTR
OK, smaller fonts in the margins.  Note it is done in LaTeX  @Firsou pic.twitter.com/ilN7fNdb6u
Latex.
What's scary?
Incidentally the "Tufte style" is neither Lindy, nor esthetic, nor convenient to read. Density on the page never detracts people and even increases motivation. See #Antifragile
Numbers wise I sold a lot in BEY. The fact is that intellectshuals hate me.
The Greek Orthodox Church has zero dietary limits (outside cannibalism of course). Only periodic limitations.
The Spartans would certainly approve of the cursory "f*** you". This English verbosity feels fake.
More ornate pic.twitter.com/tclsmh2n40
Finally managed to imitate the Format used in Scholastic, Syriac, and Talmudic Medieval scholarship. pic.twitter.com/tYUCasT1Mq
@Antoine_Online
For fruits.
Discussing Ole Peters’ @ole_b_peters ergodicity on the equivalent of a “doggy bag”. pic.twitter.com/Yu9c3XnbUV
These are with duck fat. w/@Cyberlibris pic.twitter.com/YvLPiMCQql
Fries with horse fat. No seed oil. pic.twitter.com/XR5gjtoQdQ
Before my lecture.
I've never read it in Brussels. I am sure it would be different here.
Skin in the Game, Brussels pic.twitter.com/Ri9mkMwPm6
They are not anonymous and have skin in their decisions.
Food can only be Lindy. And technology (Amazon) can reduce the distance between supplier and consumer. pic.twitter.com/X1WO7RU4D0
No
What?
Me too.
Debating... Molyneux? If someone offered you to debate an animal in the zoo, you will be equally offended.
Fuck off
Cher Yves, je voudrais vérifier d'abord si possible. Merci.
Finaly for the identity Gov. Debt = Asset you need the asset to have the same value as if determined by the real market under selection pressures.
Plus or minus the usual typos. pic.twitter.com/qGyuGLFpNQ
Already solved using Laplace after u= m x
Quiz du Jour, Romanian Mathematical Magazine. [Flight to Brussels] pic.twitter.com/AWKuYjJeHQ
Incidentally there is something of interest here: group IQ != average member IQ. Complex systems are about interactions. Failure of mean field.
PS: you can get rich getting only 1 collapse right.
Mazel tov
Where?
90% of follows are endorsement, perhaps more. The account is not controversial. It promotes and perperuates fraud.
What do you mean by block list? Thanks.
My Twitter feed is NOT a public forum; just as my cell phone is not subjected to the rules freedom of expression & spammers are prevented from polluting my afternoon.
Hope David comes to his senses.
This is beyond IQ as a measure of intelligence: Country IQ is a fabrication by the alt-right. No testing was done.
NEVER read anything written by journalists, just look at prices! Correct:  "Stocks dropped less than a Mean Deviation because of very slight order imbalances caused by a tiny minority; a small number of unidentified motivated investors adjusting their holdings."  #MinorityRule pic.twitter.com/Xz3TOQtlY8
Screens do not require desktops
FINAL. Thanks everyone for the help. pic.twitter.com/vDI9g9e5TK
You are no longer talking about the desktop computer but some large computational machine connected to whatever.
Talking to @turlevnon
I am reallllllly sorry but I block idiots.
Imbecile, I am not discussing uses in Turkey, but pre-supposed roots of a word assumed to come from Turkish.
PHILOLOGY DU JOUR Shawarma is not from Turkish but (Eastern) Aramaic, as the Turkish itself (çevirme) originates from the Eastern Syriac Sha-warma, where there is a shift "b" to "w". "Barma" means to rotate, just as in "gyro" and "rotisserie".  @turlevnon
THIRD VERSION  Large Kafkaian centralization units such as Whitehall, Brussels, etc.  “Elite” undergraduate education pic.twitter.com/jmakcYOcRg
Tis is probabilistic, so the idea is that 3-7 out of 10 items will be gone.
Because it is BS
2nd version pic.twitter.com/aUuCaAKOZS
FOR COMMENTS Friends, was asked to "predict" what would happen by the end of the decade.  Used Lindy. pic.twitter.com/xCqtBIPZ2T
Block trolls.
Same. Such Non monotonity is the convexity of convexity, maps to the 4th moment (effectively the 4th derivative). Linearity requires all derivatives > 1 to be 0. Simple convexity >2. You are discussing >n.
@Michael_Spagat is klueeeeeeless; he doesn't get the elementary concept of statistical significance. I mean really elementary.
Mar7aba. Fi l wa7ad yshtré l 7al2a bala ma y3abbé ma3lumét ishtirak? Merci.
Why under convexity you don't need to be a "good" forecaster. pic.twitter.com/7ckH9FA0W6
An aphorism, my friend, allows exceptions.
Further, the identity in Debt = Money an entity called "we" owes to an entity called "ourselves"  fails ergocity.   #ergodicityeconomics @ole_b_peters
Ergodicity
30 years ago his Christianity then his Judaism. Not the same.
Did it once in 2008
Pecunia veniet ultro, honor offeretur...: P/L may come according to its own mind; glory, honors and rank may be bestowed upon you.  —- Virtus in te non incidet: virtue is in you and  not in events.
Step by step: Nulli sapere casu obtigit:   nobody knows anything about the occurrence of random event
A dwarf conpared to Ed Thorp. And rather bullshitter.
Baddak ts2al Albert.
weyn?
Min hol?
Read Tom Holland ⁦@holland_tom⁩. Yuuuge erudition and non-academic. Academic historians write to impress one another, even with popular books. Holland talks to the reader. Of the 5 history books I read last summer, not one was by an academic. pic.twitter.com/E1BKuIn1zU
Best of luck.
@davidgraeber pays me 30% of his royalties for referral.
My point had nothing to do with articles; no discussion of Quillette. Just bullshitters.
Unfortunately leaving tomorrow! But should come back.
I drank all the wine.
Dan, any association with me leads to the wrath of low-intellect Arab nationalists.
3/ +Need for *adult supervision* (international) of Salameh & others, no need to replace right away.
2/ + Government cannot control the corruption, located is in the "deep" ministries. Changing minister is of no help.  +Nonpolitical decentralization only solution.  +Central state great at managing sectarian tensions ...but incapable of dealing with economic life; it's a burden
LEBANESE FINANCIAL SITUATION, INTERVIEW Recorded for LBCI (Thu 9:30 PM).  + There ~no primary deficit, so no risk of big collapse. Debt is circular Bank-State.  + People are so scared that ANY reduction of uncertainty (via moratorium) would be yuugely beneficial
4 hours dinner conversation with @rorysutherland and Rohan @Silva in a Pakistani restaurant in London (2 bottles of wine, but no Negroni). You must buy two copies of Rory's book, in case one is stolen, lost, damaged (by the rain), or self-destructs. pic.twitter.com/Xa5WFOGCNt
You are right. Except that I am the author of the text schreenshot. Gabish?
Along the German frontier.
Josh, So long as Quillettebeciles keep complaining about me all is OK.  Better when they are angry.
Pedrag, ignore, Quillete followers are imbeciles.
I meant they changed room to the largest one based on registrations.
The Volante team. Volante is a publisher in Stockholm. pic.twitter.com/2VpDfhrlBR
There will be someone to let you in.
BS
No idea.
Malraux! Graham Greene! Julien Gracq!
N7na l rum mt3assbin!
Napoleon, sort of.
And desertions, and typhus, and the mud. And he kept losing horses throughout.
You've been posting sophistry for years. One more post and you will be blocked. OK?
Napoleon is a prime example of *winning almost all battles but losing the war*.
You don't know how to read the map? It was the retreat.
The single biggest hit was the Pyrrhic victory of Borodino (if we can call it a "victory").
Hi, thanks a million but I can't carry liquids because I travel w/o luggage.
Napoleon was also the grandmaster of fake news, doctoring up his "bulletins", misreporting his casualties and those of the enemies, even when he was the winner.
He simply lost 2/3 of his troops to the Russians and the Cossacks.
MYTH DU JOUR  Napoleon was not that great invincible general who was defeated by the Russian winter, nonmilitary circumstances. His Grande Armée had lost 2/3 of its soldiers before the first frost.  Also remember that he (twice) deserted his own army.
Looks like you got the idea backwards. pic.twitter.com/iSNHZJuJSq
You have severe reading difficulties. The description (highly hedged) is only to show there is a physical mapping, and explicitly refuses to consider that mapping as reliable for anything other than falsifying the non-physical theories.
Nobody is fooled. It implies there is actually a mistake.
Removed.
Sorry...
Imbecile, please show with precision where "he is wrong". With precision.
I block idiots.
Aquavit is so strong the Swedes have to drink beer with it. pic.twitter.com/jZaJyxieL3
No, she got it right
Sorry Mr Pan, but I block people for sophistry.
Ignorant! How about the Christ in the Temple?
Explanations:  1- Lebanese banks are NOT lending to businesses, but to the government to service the debt... to the same banks. That's what I called "circularity". 2- Merchants now realize that an IOU from another merchant is safer than $ in the "bank".  Salameh needs to go.
LEBANON'S FINANCIAL SITUATION, 3  + Traditional Lebanese politics along ethnoreligious lines are put on hold (now, money talks).  Parties are deemed equally incompetent. Old system of *state employement as political patronage* goes out via attrition.  + Real decentralization.
No
Lebanese bonds are a disease.
Ignore. Not similar to Argentina.
LEBANON'S FINANCIAL SITUATION, 2 The system fixes itself  + People realize that banks returns are not risk-free; Any income generating project than lend to the "circularity".  + Increase in governance from sudden transparent  + Noninvestors take a haircut from past gains.
LEBANON'S FINANCIAL SITUATION  + The primary budget is about balanced; pressure is from debt servicing. + Higher rates drain the economy as real investment returns pale compared to bank deposits *in US $*, leading to a circularity Gov-Banks-Depositors.  Let the system fix itself!
Nobody is talking about causation here.
You don't seem to get it. Both Fama and Samuelson could have made the same boasting statement. Except that they would not have, both out of tact and rigor. Please show your checking account/personal NW. "I make money you guys are idiots" is only OK under these circumstances.
Casse-couilles
Ah... science. Now, Quilettebecile Toby, show how this translate into socioeconomic status,
Now first statement by Quilletebecile Young @toadmeisster: "IQ is a better predictor of socioeconomic status than parental socioeconomic status" is plain BS. IQ does not predict income/wealth (close to R^2=0, with cheating they get <.04).
Clearly he doesn't know what he is talking about. Paul Samuelson left a $400 million estate.
And By the way, Quillettebecile Toby @toadmeister, we now have the same raw longitudinal data as the ones used by these studies.
Quillettebecile Toby @toadmeister you can now go find ALLLLLL the "studies" you want, the effective R^2 IQ tests to economic condition is ~0. Keep trying you and your Neo-Eugenist friends.
Fucking idiot I did in my piece. This is not a rebuttal, but drivel.
Guess
Bullshitter. Visibly you were not aware of this (crap study showing "perhaps") when you tweeted, but posted the other one. You looked for something after making up a number. And there is no effect on socioeconomic status. Bullshitter.
It was dictated by the heavens.
As an Orthodox, today was the second most important day for me (after my baptism). The highest ranking person in Orthodoxy, His Holiness Bartholomeos 1 Patriarch of Constantinople, gave me his blessing & a small gift. It was on a plane out of Constantinopolis. pic.twitter.com/qVAeY9jl5f
He is boasting about his money
His bank account?
Mr Young’s own data shows an R^2 of .04 for IQ-Income. He is talking abt socioeconomic condition. Where is the 80% heritability?
Fucking idiot it does not show 80% heritability. You and Quillette don’t know what you are talking about.
I bet you @spyrosmakrid this guy is a loser. Ask him to show us his bank account.
Plomin estimates IQ *testing* is 50% heritable, itself weakly correlated to performance. Plus testing is also 80% correlated to other tests. I estimated R^2 of 0% for socio-economic performance.  @toadmeister is a quack reciting some Quillette invented mantra.
But he is soooooo entertaining.
Unlike the Turks, Armenians fry the dumplings.
The Lebanese (not Lebanese Armenian) manti (shish barak) is cooked in goat milk yoghurt with Med herbs (laban immo) and left to marinate for a bit.
+ sur les bords + pauvre con (h/t @firsou), very different from petit con + fofolle + bancal  + bon chic bon genre + pour ta gouverne + foiré
I will not answer publicly.
Noticed that in Tatarstan & Kazakhstan they stuff their manti with horse meat, and, mostly, horse fat; the yoghurt is made from mare's milk.
Yes, my point that it came from Central Asia to Anatolia and later Italy.  Reading problems?
Manti (Istanbul): the ancestor of ravioli. Except, of course, better. pic.twitter.com/1NtTDfNpP9
Your logic is defective: with the mafia an ACTUAL crime took place and they are not jailed solely for the discussion. Very very defective.  How did you get a medical degree?
Democrats: If you are using information from the whistleblower, you MUST ask for Assange’s exoneration.  #Coherence
Yes but he accepted his scale transformation.
We have NO idea about the 1 in 20K, plus the devastation is systemic. Cars... damage is Gaussian
Thrashing?
(cont) + plouc + de souche + marche a coté de ses pompes + petit con (the "petit" is central)
This said there are a lot of words in French I know that have no (potent) equivalent in English which come to me in Fr: + vivotter + glander + minable + tête à baffe
Yes, and I defined rational as what insures intergenerational collective survival.
This does'nt make "selfishness" honorable. Nature has no junk: it recycles & makes fertilizers out of animal & human waste. Likewise society recycles somewhat selfish pursuits as fertilizer.  So we should not be glorify selfishness, no more than we do w/excreta. 4/n
And Ayn Rand doesn't get scaling. In that sense I prefer people to focus Mandeville who inspired Adam Smith's "it's not the benevolence of the butcher..." A good society is one that via scale transformation makes a virtuous collective out of somewhat selfish individuals. 3/n
a hero who serves the collective (expected return is negative as 999/1000 will fail) and there is no such thing as a "failed" entrepreneur; I subscribe to virtue ethics and Christian morality which makes some of her stances repugnant to me both as a Christian & a Classic-ist. 2/n
I do share a lot of readers with Ayn Rand and there are some commonalities: 1) To do good, focus on your own business, 2) Bureaucrats are evil, etc.  But there are yuuuge differences. I do not believe that individuals should be "selfish", I do believe that the entrepreneur is 1/n
The point is not about Trump but the system. I can easily understand why someone can hate Trump. But changing the rules under asymmetries effectively destroys the system.
My take: Collusion between two parties needs to emanate from an explicit transaction or a well defined offer, not something vague in a conversation. It should be subjected to the same standards as contractual obligations. Otherwise everything can be interpreted as collusion.
Bottarga with rosé. pic.twitter.com/rPgg3cuI8J
Yes!
Blocked
Actually was waiting for the bilingual beau-livre Shahnomeh in French with Belles Lettres to come out to learn Persian.
Blunder duJour: Was telling someone on the phone in French "you gave me invaluable advice" (abt food, of course), came out as literal translation "un avis sans valeur"  which means  "an opinion of no value" & realized after hanging up. Wonder if I will ever get more food tips.
Never met one.
It is never late, even early.
Khatchapouri, Med version pic.twitter.com/UcDxCp5WDC
You don't need to stop cold turkey, but work out a plan to phase out. It gets worse the longer you stay.
3) People have no problem getting Nietzsche, Le Bon, & other's point that crowds composed of sane individuals can go crazy. It is harder to get the reverse: that some groups of unfit individuals can be fitter than others with better individuals.
2) These simple comments by the 2 fellows destroy +5 decades of evolutionary psychology/biology, etc. I mean really shatter current methods. pic.twitter.com/Q6Opzp6XFF
Convex is >= Strictly convex is  >  Strongly convex may mean convex for all values in domain, not in range (or a convex set).
Batrak Hwayyek
Actually this is a chapter in #SkinintheGame pic.twitter.com/reC9hrJ8VD
In other words: + Studying the psychology of individuals will never allow you to understand that of the market (determined by extremes, not sum). + Rationality for indiv. does not translate into "rationality" for group. Saying it the way it is:  Evolutionary biologists are dumb. pic.twitter.com/HAztgMYLYZ
Sacrificing for the sake of others is, to me, the highest calling. See #SkinintheGame
Not if you are on a one meal per day program.
Caro Bret, This explanatorizing is mired in 1960s Mickey-Mouse verbalisms devised by British (possibly drunk) naive statisticomaniacs.  Because of scaling, arguments for the survival of individual(s)≠survival of groups. So you need to explain groups qua groups.  @yaneerbaryam
Herbs (sumac, zaatar, dried thyme)
Cheese Galettes with halloumi & kashkaval made by Syrians from Raqqa (Beirut highway). pic.twitter.com/HrwRVoEW0r
Crap.
Congrats!
Min huwwé? Cardinal 7wayyek?
This is catholic
A lot of salo
The art and science of drinking with Russians. pic.twitter.com/GIF8al4S8K
I don't call this shit "fine dining".
I avoid anything in that style. Mortality rate is 100% anyway.
They try too hard
Vitello tonnato with squid ink.  #OnlyinMoscow pic.twitter.com/EWz9zI60Sf
Can I steal this for PRINCIPIA POLITICA? Any other?
Yes and the core boilds down to unless sum(f(x))= f(sum(x)) (not the case here visibly), groups are NOT collection individuals but objects of different properties.
Khatchapuri pic.twitter.com/AUAA39pjc4
Alla y3in l wa2a3/wa23et ta7t lsénék!
Pills (& anything with iatrogenics) are a LAST resort not a first resort option.
"Carnivore" is not enough information. Liver != muscle meat.
There are three types of large corporations: those about to go bankrupt, those that are bankrupt and hide it, those that are bankrupt and don’t know it.
водка pic.twitter.com/Q85lklqq8Y
Never
Actually worse: I don't want people walking around recommending pills!
I block idiots. I am extremely sorry; do not take it personally.
You learned the wrong thing.
GET OFF THAT MEDICATION NOW!
My point: life is not about outcomes, it's how you handle adversity. Suffering doesn't prevent you from being a role model, to the contrary --depends how you handle it.  Popping pills does disqualify you.
I said I have sympathy for people suffering from addiction.  I just leave it here for those like you who don't get it.
I block for bad reasoning. Sorry.
Because addiction is NOT compatible with his message.
I mean we must give him ALL our support. [correcting ambiguous sentence]
Meanwhile, this doesn't explain WHY the fuck, when it comes to detecting BS, I am always right.
This is not to say we need to give him ALL our support, as we should with EVERY person suffering from additiction. But as a role model for "boys", he sort of fails. There are a lot of mistakes a role model can make; just not this one.
By pressure from industry
Mistook him for a psychologist
Joe, is this loser more stupid than moron? Or imbecile?
Mild for me means a lot of booze
Moderation is for schoolteachers.
Had it in Milan. Was told it tastes better there.
A #Lindy drink. So is its (mild) hangover.
Kellej
 pic.twitter.com/0sfzemUBsL
Cc @DrCirillo
Celebrating the Negroni's 100th anniversary.  (in Brescia). But I was told it tastes the same in Milan, and maybe almost the same elsewhere. pic.twitter.com/GIf8rimtNf
I think I need to rewrite Chapt 4 for correlations under fat tails, make point clearer.
No, by definition (Cauchy-Schw), but it will be uninformative because too stochastic. You can try to solve it with a max ent beta distribution, which is the uniform for maximally unininformative double-bounded distribution.
Votre pere, frere, cousin ou epoux?
Quel Charles? De Gaulle?
An R^2 of 0 is an R^2 of 0, and both Ramus and Pallesen are ignorant. pic.twitter.com/myKY0meoT6
Ramus imbecile doesn't get that it's a probabilistic problem and psychologists are NOT experts at it.
Imbecile, it shd be then first translated into English  —scientific English.
No.
South Med. Same as Napoleone.
What’s HAU?
My condolences.
Liquidity from constant trading is yuuuge for lowering transaction costs in the system.
83.
This is not an "error": this is genetics.   Higher dimensions are really unpredictable. pic.twitter.com/1CqvZokuiz
Joey Tomahta
Blocked
There are other errors... the person who put the cheat sheet together is not familiar with probability.
She would not need to apply. Automatic spot but we need info for slots.
Only recently. Before it was kosher
@CoachRippetoe
SAUDI FIELDS It's not just Yemen. People forget there is an oppressed Shiite minority near the Aramco HQ (dispossessed of the  oil fields, located in their ancestral area & treated like sub-sub-citizens); they get periodically beheaded by the Saudi government.
Noooooo. Regime != people
Fucking idiot why din’t you go lecture someone else on “humility”?
Can’t say never, just as you can’t say pigs will never learn to fly.
The point is that you can always invoke something to impose arbitrary rules on smaller units, under "humanitarian" covers. Of course it is justified under some situations, say genocide.
Explain why should other communities interfere with one another if individuals have exit rights? Why isn't it the same as my intervention in your own life?
I am not complaining.
Great. Do you think that a community (collection of individuals) should be coerced by a larger entity?
I have a few questions. Do you think the collective should coerce the individual, yes/no?
Imbecile, the notion "safer" here means "THERE IS A STATISTICALLY SIGNIFICANT MULTIVARIATE TRACK RECORD". Imbecile, try to read before bloviating.
You don't get fractal localism and use big empty words; RWRI can cure you of this verbalistic nonsense.
L Lebnéné lahjé min l legha "Neo-Kn3ané". Hinné l Suriyye ra70 ngharabo bil "ummé l 3arabiyyé")
Yes.
We can invite @karimbitar and most certainly understanding complexity will instantly cure him of Arabism.
Same problem as with Latin. Unlike Greek or Aramaic, it's the language you use the least after school, replace with Romance languages. @DrCirillo made me aware of my urgent need for immersion.
The only thing I can say here is that your comment is imbecilic.
Joe, as I told you with Scott Adams, it is never a good idea for someone who does scientific research to argue publicly with a crank like Claire Lehman. You can expose to educated or enlightened public people, never argue directly with the crank.
Troboulsi, you mean? Ahla bil jor.
No, because GDP can expand nominally (inflation)... Plus wealth can expand GDP at the same time.  And the bound is so remote it doesn't matter.
Not knowing where the bound is, or having a remote bound makes it equivalent to  unbounded.
Not Middle East, but Levant/East Med. Difference.
Fucking imbecile go experiment in your own house not nature
Drew you are arguing with @LucioMM1 a total crank. Block.
Not enough
Not sure about paper. Books are very heavy as they are.
And I don't write about finance, just probability/ risk
Blocked this sub-imbecile, continued betting through Universa and the crisis.
Too many tourists in Spain walk into restaurants in flip flops. Restaurants claim to be fulky booked on phone but if you show up well dressed you are guaranteed a good table.
Of course, the Genetically Modified Mosquito project has gone wrong, with, really, "unforeseen outcomes".  When will IYIs learn that we don't understand complex systems enough to play with them? Or when will we learn that science is not scientism? pic.twitter.com/YOAZcvKKav
Try Restaurants in Spain
The slope is still a problem.
Tokyo's earthquake I think.
 pic.twitter.com/myKY0meoT6
PROBABILITY DU JOUR R^2 is expected to be 0 but in small samples it shows much higher value, here .98. Small is anything <10^8. (cont) pic.twitter.com/3EDMSvpbEB
Never had it there.
I think we need to add a section: "nutritional improvements", which includes Transfats Synthetic milk That stupid drink
Didn't we put this, @normonics, in our Precautionary Principle paper? Where did it go? pic.twitter.com/aQ1zF0Peki
You can't industrialize, commoditize, & scale knowledge without destroying it at is core.  Scholarship is fundamentally an artisanal-style pursuit.
I use 1924 as my birth date on social media.
Jean Cau, le secretaire de Sartre qui a mal tourné, devenu reporter a Paris Match?
Trying to figure out...
Steven Wolfram has a monstrous erudition. I mean monstrous.
Strange remark. Outside academia people aren't expected to be scholars.
Shlsh, Semitic root SHRSH
The association “juzur lubnan” is doing great environmental work; but it is named using loan words from Arabic. Should be renamed “Shlush Lebnén”.  #Localism #StandAgainstArabImperialism
Neomania
The "naturalistic fallacy" is not a fallacy outside the moral domain.  Gabish?
Imbecile.
I have blocked people for vastly more intelligent remarks.
Cycling should not overall affect total drive, just cause fluctuations.
No worries, so long as you gorge on lamb when allowed.
NEgotiation.
 pic.twitter.com/fV41DDAN3k
Imbecile
Mr Winegard, sorry but this remark is the straw that broke the camel's back. I block real idiots.
NOTHING published in the journal "Intelligence" has any scientific standing.
The problem is that variance is constant (no heteroskedasticity) just in-sample variations.
He cites us in his work.
No, the data had little in left tail where the real correlation comes from. The subset was filtered.
Are you coming to complete RWRI next October?
His is not truncated the same way
It's their business not ours.
Beyon your first set of NLS data truncates IQ. Can you show us where to get the same as Zagorski?
Wait... There may be a new version.
Les examens d'entrée ont toujours été l\'a
La France m'a ignoré pendant longtemps.
 pic.twitter.com/yUmD8d5LGX
There shd be no Aleph in the first name
Je suis Grec Orthodoxe...
We don't agree on a lot of points. Except localism, of course.
The pencil metaphor also has something to do with bureaucrats.
David and I have exchanged worse insults. Twitter conversations can survive insults, never disrespect.
Joe pls unblock David, for another round. Localists of the world, unite.
Please unblock Joe Norman who said exactly that.
For all elliptical multivariate distributions.
No, because if you expand and y->x, you get x^2/2 as \rho ->1
Le Point
PencilBrain, didn't say card carrying, just someone who knows something a bit deeper about it.
Cont pic.twitter.com/HTHA2PYu2o
Or, more rigorously, we can see the limit right there pic.twitter.com/Np5OiYB8rE
Log[ f(x,y)/f(x)f(y)] = -\infty when \rho=1 (or equiv x=y) which is where perfect correlation gives MI=\infty. pic.twitter.com/P2J20WV3Td
A French essayist watched me during a twitter fight. pic.twitter.com/SAFf1rdMeO
In the wine category
In Brazil met a fellow who plants trees for paper; claimed the 000s trees he planted yuuugely help the environment.  STATIC ANALYSIS: when you buy a book they cut a tree.  DYNAMIC ANALYSIS: when you buy a book, they plant a tree for 5-15 years. Use paper!  Similar to ergodicity.
What is ICE?
Also MI(X,X) should be \infty, no? Self entropy.
Can you show the standard autocorrelation function with lags?
Something wrong on left of the 4 graphs.
If R^2 is low AND Mutual Info is high, model OK. But with IQ MI is ~0.
You are arguing with Shermer, a fraud.  Block him.
Imbecile, if results vary across datasets, the conclusion is negative.
Close to 0
That's the NYT.  Trump not looking for regime change in Iran. pic.twitter.com/8HwaHJsI7d
Imbecile you never face situations where you need to use IQ to pick a surgeon. Imbecile
IQ does not PREDICT career success. Now that I have the data, found the R^2 close to 0. pic.twitter.com/NmZiaK22xN
Centralization used to cover <5-10% of GDP over these "thousand" years.
THE CURSE OF DIMENSIONALITY:  Better presented in a Log Log Plot. 15-25 dimensions exceed the computational capacity of the planet. DNA has 000s dimensions. pic.twitter.com/UpK4TW1Dkm
The other day I saw in the museum a painting by Gogh, van.
Don't know them.
THE CURSE OF DIMENSIONALITY: it always shows up. Here I illustrate it with norms. Curse of dimensionality is what I used to show how 1) polygenic scores are a monstrous fraud, 2) GMO analyses don't work, etc. pic.twitter.com/DAR8M4bTFv
22 years of fighting for that simple point, everyone understands except social scientists, GMO shills, and ignorant risk peddlers .   22 years: How many fraudsters such as nudgeboy @r_thaler or Phil-the-rat Tetlock @PTetlock should we go through before we get that point?
Voila The volume increases from 4/3 to 2^3 pic.twitter.com/kY2A3MoFkI
Yes correcte to 1<=p<q pic.twitter.com/PtAfaz9HU8
A norm is not a metric.
Theree are no norms below 1 because they are not subadditive, don't qualify as norms.
Added the tutorial on norms to the book (Chapter 3) to show what happens with higher moments of distributions. pic.twitter.com/yvxQaalInx
David Blaine just tore a deck of cards in half  —a real deck. pic.twitter.com/JL97MMuiY3
A lot of pencilwits didn’t get that it does not mean people always do things for money; it just means that those who are doing somthing “not for the money” don’t go out of their way to inform you of that fact. Blocked a bunch.
Good but good
No, pencilwit. What are the conditions under which someone wd tell you he is not a liar without anyone asking?
When someone  says “I am not doing it for the money” he (she) is doing it only for the money.
I would argue it is not hidden intentions but rather side effects of policies.
In France
The most humiliating moment: had (a long) dinner afterwards with the 3 cousins who spoke no English. Tried babbling in Portuguese, with help from a few Negronis, two caipirinhas &, of course, wine.  At the end one of them complimented me:  “how come you speak Spanish?”
Indeed, words like coiffeur, merci, assenseur came to Lebanese from Turkish not French.
This graph is gerrymandered to daily vocabulary
Sorry mistake marq root is rq not raq
مراق root راق مرق root مرق
Marj => pasture  Where is this from?
וְהַמָּרַק שָׂם בַּפָּרוּר refers to broth, not meraki.
"3indak mara2 bi ...?" " 3ndé mara2 bil mtala3a", is an expression I heard a lot.
PHILOLOGY DU JOUR Question: Is there a connection between the  Greek  μεράκι , the Lebanese mara2, (meaning enjoying some activity for its own sake, not the Arabic مرق meaning chicken broth), and the Turkish Meraklı?  If so, where is the root coming from?
No, imbecile. Only if he is Roman or of Italian descent, ethnicity, and culture.
Yes I know. He was Roman. Fat Tony was born in NJ, also "child of the Italian peninsula"
I am on the other side of the planet
Nothing outside why can be expected by  Extreme Value Theory.
Jozami family
Brazilian cousins Rubens Taleb, Rogerio Taleb, & namesake Nassim Taleb came to the conference. pic.twitter.com/VgwkbXBZ9v
Fucking idiot read the rest of the 3 y old tweet.
In all fairness from the 70s to the late 90s, NY was not good-but-crap, rather crap-but-great.
Good
Sept 10 here.
Good  but Good
Napoli. My second favorite city in the world.
You are right; he was unfair (actually it is apocryphal). In some (better versions) he compares the North to Brazil.
Don't judge a city by bureaucratic criteria like traffic jams, cleanliness, safety, etc., but by something deeper in the soul of the place. Jobim:“Morar em Nova Iorque é bom, mas é uma merda; morar no Rio é uma merda, mas é bom."  ("NY is good, but crap. Rio is crap but good")
Chekka?
My Amioun kousins not the Cuspa ones.
A lot of (tasty) meat in the Republica Federativa  do Brasil. pic.twitter.com/eDBlIoLfg3
Churrasco Brasileiro pic.twitter.com/jhwLDIMiWv
Correction: Sao Paolo is pronounced like the French “saon”.
Rio = ghua
Sao Paulo Don’t be fooled by the orthography. “Sao” is pronounced “san”, Joao like the French “jean”, cançao like the French “canson”. pic.twitter.com/iC48aBofAr
They quickly ran out of stock. Now restocked.
L’Orient would not publish this today. Became ideological and Arabofascist.
Napoleon and Enstein are Both E1b South Med gene
Yes for paternal lineage
OK, I blocked him.
Yes, implied in the tweet
Lebanese is not “Lebanese Arabic”
Did you try to read the tweet in full before responding?
If you have been employed by someone (Trump, Hillary, or Joey The Knife) as a personal assistant, it is yuugely unethical for you to ever divulge what you saw or heard in that capacity.  (Except, of course, if you are subpoenaed, witnessed murder, were asked to commit a crime...)
Same with dinar =>denarius (10)=didrachm, =>dinero  And shekel (thekel)=>pound
 pic.twitter.com/BjRG2tVnuO
If you lose money, it can be bad luck. It you blow up, it is certainly incompetence. #FooledbyRandomness
Wrong. Where did you get J2a? It's J2b.
If I recall, you got a reply.
Oldest
Captain, Arabic is a dead language.
Shukran is not Lebanese.
Which airport was it?
25 years of Calabrese lessons, ~ 15 lessons a year. pic.twitter.com/fTVZ6JyS9u
2 effets: minorités plus circularité, les minorités restent dans les pays ou il y a de l’argent.
"Si il se fait clash..." Avec des "si" on peut mettre Paris dans une bouteille.
Remove oil, Mr Heritage. What is left is Turkey, still far from the highest living standards.
Ce con fini ne voit pas qu'il y a beaucoup de chinois en chine, sans grand effet sur the PIB historique. I ne connait absolument rien a la statistique.
It is calle MDA
So a douchebag is someone who answers a  woman’s question first?
A group of students dEaling with that passage?
Yes when you narrow down but distances get smaller there.
The point is that both are arguing about points I DID NOT MAKE in SITG.
So it came via Indo-European to Safaitic?
As I said, @yaneerbaryam and @MichaelSagnerMD  did not read the book. Also missed than necessary != sufficient
No because their claims are not literal.
Full reference. Necessary is not sufficient. pic.twitter.com/r3aTdTtizw
EAST MED PHILOLOGY DU JOUR Question: Can "Yes" in Lebanese (mbala) is come from the Yes in Persian (بله) than the negation in Semitic: ("بلا"="without")?
Si
I am more than certain @yaneerbaryam did not read SITG.
C'est un abruti total.
Did you EVER meet him, sir?
SITG is not disincentives but FILTERING.
Maybe it would be a good idea to stop torturing a dead corpse.
Excellent! Thanks Maestro.
Extreme Value Theory: How Pareto=> Fréchet, a simple demonstration. pic.twitter.com/zrkkykzL1z
Not saying anyone spoke Aramaic, just to use your own thinking: areal influence.
Idiot, Levantines are Anatolians.
Too opaque... Precedence is powerful.
Languages != genes
Meanwhile it is all probabilistic so far. The Anatolian hypothesis is just much stronger. pic.twitter.com/3scUh6NXln
101 BS THINGS TAUGHT TO STUDENTS, 15 That Indo European languages were born in the Eurasian Pontic-Caspian steppes/Northern Caucasus. Much higher possibility they were born in East-Med, Anatolia. pic.twitter.com/avls6ZtvNS
Aramaic pic.twitter.com/dUWomcgSSF
How do you say "hand" in Egyptian?
4) The theory is that Aramaic entered Egypt with the Persians who used it as a lingua franca. But there were numerous pockets of Aramaic-writing Jews (hence other Levantines/Anatolians). But the DNA story makes everything else fragile!
3) Something for master historical detective @Safaitic to help us with.
2) Also further coincidences:  that the DNA of the mummies is turning out to be Levantine/Anatolian, not Egyptian. And Tell Amarina was in Akkadian.
Things I learned this year: There is a thing called Egyptian Aramaic. I was wondering why Egyptian say "mayya" for water & other Levantinisms. pic.twitter.com/XYYcvIzaAD
Fake: no stain on the dish
Mafi la bil siryene wla bil 3arabe
7ada bya3ref?
("Zamat bi-risho" mush jéyé min rishé bass mnil seryéné "bi raso", "rish"=ras.)
Zamatna.
The only mistake I made in added proof is  should be > not >= under dependencee.
Use \alpha=1 for Cauchy pic.twitter.com/CiWNx54Q2i
Always. Also infinite for even moments, undefined for odd ones.
Yes so the rule is: even under dependence, if one moment is infinite and the matching one is not (from inversely associated variable), moments will be infinite.
#Lindy
You are correct. Dependence does not affect the problem since expectation is linear and the expectation of dependent RVs is still the sum of expectations.
What is your question?   if one summand has an infinite moment of order p, the entire sum will have an infinite moment order p.
It is clear, no? There is a statement, Property 2, and here it its proof.
The proof in only that X^p is fatter tailed than X for p>1.
Let me know if you would like to scrutinize a few chapters before publication. I pay back in a variety of ways.
It is not a matter of moments but convex transformations for any random variable!
see 2nd version above
Second version pic.twitter.com/G6JZ6DaGKF
Yes of course Ar => Arabic in tweet. And the Qasida.
Here thanks!
Unfortunately they are Lindy. Went away with monotheism; now back
Is there a nonBS education outside of STEM, say in the humanities? Yes, classical languages + Heb/Aramaic/Ar/Sanscrit. French used to select on skills in Latin, not just because of access to texts. It’s because to be really good at Latin one must have read of lot of #Lindy stuff.
Suriac and Greek!
No, because they are <.1 already!
Shd be $\mathbbm{E}(\epsilon^2)<+\infty.$
2018
YEs corrected see comment.
SOrry typo shd be >0
Most influential story, heard when I was a beginning trader: Big trader M runs into a junior in the bathroom. M:"Whatyoudoing today?" "Just bought this bond, Broker A recommended it" M kept shouting "But he's a f** broker, a f** broker" & fired the trader while in the bathroom.
No information
Fuck, no.  Read my book on hierarchies.
No it is (Y-E(Y))X  and E(Y)=b
Another 2 mistakes: limits ->0 not 1.
Yes, trade, concubines, and migrations via Mauritania for soldiers.
Yes, more simply E[\eta^2 ]=0 means deterministic.
 pic.twitter.com/VvUFbSh5Wz
3alam a3ado marra yawnén bi matar Heathrow la2anno fi 3tl elektroné!
Lmshklé lamma yrja3o l3alam lal madérés barra ba3d l 3tlé. Bass l "arrival" ktir sehel kén.
Kint honik mbéré7. Bahdalé, bass ken fi nizam. L matar zghir w bottleneck. Akhadét 1:18 sé3a w 18 d2i2a. Shft aniak bi New York w London lamma ykun fi cancelled flights la asbeb ti2aniyyé.  Marra nataro l3alam bi JFK arrival 3 sé3at.
Convergence pic.twitter.com/ihZSoZRbWN
You are scaling by variance on the left (or time, same thing)
You may never update if you have a certain prior.
wee!
New section in book: Thin Tails + Fat Tails = Fat Tails,  no matter the ratios in the mixing. pic.twitter.com/S3YutONHJs
MI under fat tails but linearity pic.twitter.com/sOxodESfto
Next time try to not teach what is “anecdotal” to a statistician and you will feel less sorry.
Typo: they are power law distributed low exponent <2.  It is easy to find massaging in the data.
Again your judgment of what is “flawed” is unnecessary. And rather irrelevant. Many readers have brains. Sorry to be harsh but that’s life.
I am not trying to convince you or other Arabists of anything; they are too stupid to get it. I am just exposing your BS.
Apprenticeship: law was not really a university thing. You learn working with doers. #Skininthegame pic.twitter.com/nhLa0fa6ie
Rossy CDG. pic.twitter.com/GFTlqAVA3t
It is not Lebanese "Arabic", it is Lebanese Levantine. Period.
The Squared residuals reveal the Winsorizing. They are a power low but someone did something funny to the data. pic.twitter.com/cShdc0KfSD
Yes optimal position based on information
Yes gives you the Kelly criterion
You don’t need to normalize for Rsquarw
Used both adjusted and unadjusted.
Point is even with linear they cook the books.
No
So IQ is just a measure of IQ? No performance outside the exact test counts? Underestand circularity first.
Here we go again. The replication crisis is now hitting IQ studies... Used the same approach as I did with fakescholar @sapinker, under recommendation by @yaneerbaryam: first use THEIR own data, then proceed to uncovering theoretical flaws. pic.twitter.com/kQQ3EwFcxh
Michael, this explains how you can see more association; the sign is not a variable (always >=0). pic.twitter.com/DG41C3abnB
Mystery solved. They "manufactured" IQ scores in the NLS79, from "correlation". Data invalid, only acceptable one is WLS. pic.twitter.com/IrQz0Dtc3B
You are a professonal researcher using Quora as a reference?
We need some evidence for that, although it seems very likely.
The point, Father Martin, is that while we don't know exactly how he looked, we are pretty sure he WAS NOT a Subsaharan. & I am sure that my Kabyle & Berber friends would not be too excited to see your casual use of another part of the world to depict them to satisfy your agenda.
For those who (thankfully) don't know what Jesuitic casuistry is, see below. (BTW my father and grandfather were educated by Jesuits; it has been my dream ---for years -- to find a Jesuit casuist for a good Twitter fight). pic.twitter.com/HCVSE4eM41
Gene flow from the South over past 1000 years.
"Send me a photo?" There was a time my childhood, when Jesuit priests had 1) erudition, 2) scholarship, 3) knew science &, most of all, 4) When they engaged in *jesuit* casuistry, they were VASTLY more refined in argument: simply, they weren't THAT easy to catch.
Jesus was Nordic. He came from a Viking family.
Stylistic. Skin color in paintings (see St George, etc.) can be  whatever you want. Features matter.
JE is not needed.  Because the Log is always positive since ratio >=1
No, it is obvious how they would look like.
Independence is not transitive.
Actually not needed since Log[f[x,y]/(f[x] f[y]] can only be positive and the integral is additive. MI=0 => Independence QED.
May take some measure theory to show latter is satisfied for all Borel sets.
The proof Independent => MI =0 is obvious since independent means pdf[joint]=product pdfs for ALL x and y.  Now if MI=0 => Independent is also provable the same way.
No, you use baseline, and compute both, then do MI.
Yes!
Finally, the IQ question is far, far too simple! Someone incompetent massaged the data at some National Bureau in Washington & psychologists have been using it because it is more favorable to the IQ case. The NLS data is fake. See the blue, compared to Gaussian & Orange (WLS) pic.twitter.com/tVvZ4O9EFD
Yes, my point
Voila!
Yes @WolframResearch @SwedeWhite
Wiki explains Mutual Information more accurately. Key: it works under NONLINEARITIES. And it is additive. And it is concrete in a betting sense. And it is ... ergodic! (Enters the Kelly criterion). pic.twitter.com/mDTYxHlG4F
Fucking idiot my point is that the definition is NOT precise.
Your name is Anglo, no?
The other database shows <.01 overall
You can avoid the paradox by not relying on any additivity.
Please explain, if you can.
They do not include all Caucasians
I muted Lindqvist and suggest not engaging the ignorant as  he has the statistical sophistication of a vacum cleaner; also there is a possibility he could be a fraud like others once we get his data. Meanwhile the data shows evidence of massaging, and anyway terribly low R^2.
Block idiots
The term "white supremacy" is a terrible misnomer; 1) white is indicative of purity not color & 2) does not map to what is called "white" (Caucasian/Western Eurasian) or light skinned (many Asians are light skinned), only to NorthWestern Europe. Best term as replacement:
This is the first time in weeks we agree on something! I explained once that Lebanese caterers in NY have skin in the game because clientele is a smaller & connected community than that of general caterers!
Also, from Zakorsky's data, turns out that I was correct (in spite of blog posts by incompetent "data scientists"): Correlation is much lower for higher income. Actually not existent. pic.twitter.com/USGKIQHcDY
Winsorized; it increases R^2
Try Arxiv
Now entropy methods, Mutual Information, i.e. "how much does someone's IQ tell you about his/her wealth or income?" or "how much more can you bet on Wealth knowing IQ or vice versa). Answer: "zero". pic.twitter.com/aw5JeeDoXq
Yes but then rank is uninformative (I explain in my book). The only association would be entropy based; working on it.
On the NY-Continent flight, only 6-7 h.:  people eat dinner, then 4 hours later, are served breakfast "so they get strength". You even have to request explicitly that they do NOT wake you up for breakfast.
No. A work of literature or sacred text, usually (Italian, French, English, German, Russian, etc.)
There is no ambiguity when it comes to treatment for a life threatening condition. As a matter of fact, I got even more aggressive w/treatment (Also #SITG).
In real weightlifting (no-machines), you largely work out your neural system. It requires yuuuge concentration to push a piece of metal over your head. & it is exhilarating, like a street fight.  Low-intensity "routines" on gym treadmills dull your mind, turn you into an academic
Winsorizing typically increases R^2 by lowering the variance of the residuals.
We will bring that up today
You don't get it. I sold 50 times more books in English/French in "Arabic" speaking countries because the elite reads in foreign language. The problem is using Fus7a.
Sharaf!
I am intolerant of BS vendors, even when they are right.  And always tolerant of scholars, even when they are wrong.
Looked at the NLS used by Zagorsky, thanks to Beyon Miloyan. Data is invalid, though results similar to ones from WLS. IQ is truncated, income is cooked up. People in Finance learn how to ferret out statistical cooking in <9 minutes of examination. pic.twitter.com/oRAYJM616p
Reposted
And the jacknife shows my data is clean. pic.twitter.com/dScs8mKiat
We can try to extract the circularity. Good work!
Why the divergence NLS WLS? That's the last piece of the puzzle.
OK I did my OWN data, using the Wisconsin Longitudinal Study. Got R^2 of .01 and .02. Yes, .01. Replicates results by @UntergrundmannG  Psychologists, anything I am missing? Any pbm with database? Otherwise the IQ-Income statements are total fraud, I mean a monumental fraud. pic.twitter.com/4bQEeoeyb6
Is there someone can get an independent Xls file with 3 columns IQ, Income (personal not family), Net worth?
Strange, I get same. Even lower piecewise. Where did he get an R^2 of .3?
I have to say we are very close though.
Not so fast my friend... We need one last verification.
Dear @UntergrundmannG since you are in discussions with @jonatanpallesen and @joelwatsonfish & I've blocked them (for incompetence) can you get them to confirm they are using the same data source?
Ask my friend @CliffordAsness
Last check: is the data correct? If so IQ is out of business.
Lost weight
(cont) Now thanks to raw data, I am uncovering something >> more sinister in IQ research. When the slope is + but R^2 is terrible they only show the slope. When R^2 is high but the slope is ~0, they show R^2. When both are bad, they truncate the data, which increases R^2.
Circularity of test taking. But weak less than .55 I think.
And, as @SimonDeDeo pointed out you can log income or wealth. No effect on Kurtosis since data is not lognormal (10x Kurtosis of the Gaussian). And Lognormal as I showed can be worse than powerlaws at high variance for sampling errors. If you de-truncate, gets far worse.
Even "correlation" as @birdxi1988 is not significant no matter the number. pic.twitter.com/1fzvTs2YIH
By the way I owe you big for GDX!
It is fraud. pic.twitter.com/XQUvGgROb9
Some elementary mistakes. Gauss Markov fails to apply. What we saw visually.  cc:@normonics @Monsantobuster pic.twitter.com/NdzCQTC8ji
Median Wealth is 480K? Mean 900? Seems a subsample
And which column is income?
Is Net worth accurate here (last colum in my snapshot)? pic.twitter.com/EK6jOErsOO
To express the trade-off from iatrogenics in a simple heuristic:  Take no medicine that does not make you live longer.  #antifragile
Tabula rasa. Let us say someone zapped all books and papers published since 1900 in psychology. Everything. Would it carry the smallest negative impact on your life?
But some class of people consistently (almost) fare well at this crap, and that bias needs to be investigated.
He may have a point. @rorysutherland has some ideas on why some abilities such as memorizing poetry were excluded from the test -- which penalizes some cultures. But it is not just "European", but rather some subculture of test takers that were favored by SOME tests.
No Grant; in Syriac it is used for martyr.
Thanks!
You want to see it used in the martyr sense. When did it start?
Thanks! Where is this from?
No modern language is more powerful than Greek, Latin, and Arabic: شهيد شاهد vs
You good. Very good.
Most certainly!
3)Jewish Aramaic:ambiguous שהד or  הדס but no apparent link witness = martyr as in Greek. So must be a Christian tradition; supicion that Greek => Christian Aramaic, not reverse. Now entered Arabic  شهيد via Syriac. Note "Kornet L Sawda" is corruption of Kornet Shhodé. pic.twitter.com/EDx7Opjx3b
Qui est Turkheimer?
Ra2yé nballesh nktob ktob wba3dén ntshawar!
My emotions come from contempt/detection of BS not from disagreement. Gabish?
False positive, particularly when trying to automate.
Thanks!
Ma fi kitébé rasmiyyé! Mtl l Tliéné. Yalli by2ru (Dante, Boccacio) l'3alam aktar shi bykhla2 llgha l maktubé. Bil Inglisé fi 3alam bylfzo nafs l klmé btari2tén! W bil Rusé minnon lbylfzo l "a" "o" bass byktbo "a".
Although Hebrew witness = שהד ?
Arbitrage.
Hol 3am yetsallo! Ktir mata3em w yaftat 3at tarik bil Leb.
Google the cheat sheet first.  DrAGOMIR is free and most complete. Vasic is free. pic.twitter.com/kkLtkuSoLF
Lamma shuft haydé l'2ishara fakkart farjiya la Roger @lebaneselingui1 la y2na3. L lgha bitballesh min hol lyaftat, ma fina n3a22eda! Ma fi lwa7ad y3allem hol l lkitébé l  "more elegant". pic.twitter.com/te9h13swNh
There are tens of such books. Many free online.
Imbecile, I disagree with a lot of people without calling them cranks. Cranks are cranks whether you like what they stand for or not. Imbecile.
Maybe we can follow you.
The statements: + > 95% of lethal diseases have a genetic etiology. + > 95% of deaths from disease are environmental. are not incompatible. @PZalloua explained that real world #SITG disciplines (Medicine) don't take the works of "evolutionary"/DNA (pple a la Plomin) v. seriously.
Bret, soon you'll realize that the problem when you argue with cranks is that they don't know they are cranks.
Inté 3urubé ma 7ada bye3zemak!
Cet imbécile ne comprend pas que les Coptes par tradition choisissent des noms qui correspondent a la culture locale; des prenoms arabes chez les arabes, chretiens chez les occidentaux.
Sabaya w shbeib, weyn bitfaddlo?
I do not believe in identity. Only culture.
Ktob bil Lebnéné!
Autokorrekt
At the geneticist @PZalloua’s place in Marounistan. Not a single Byzantine church in the entire zone! Rumophobic but gorgeous scenery. pic.twitter.com/1peIVF9mzA
My impression is religion was a barrier. Interestingly, J2 haplogroup.
The Fundamental Tail Asymmetry: an illustration using the drop in MERVAL, of how you can accept, never really reject fat tails unless you have some physical law bounding deviations. Adding to the book. [It is Popperian falsification applied to inference] pic.twitter.com/9vB1fTYrjL
Incorrect.
In the US for the Census 2020 All Caucasians are white, to avoid these classifications according to prejudice. This is as far as the US policy.
Ma7soubkon sfr 3al shmel?
Shu chicken liver ya Amaris?
White != Northern Euro. Nordics have no such monopoly.
Wayn haydé? Blebnen?
Not the one in the first picture.
Random! Thanks
Orthodox church next to a mosque in Kazan’s Kremlin. pic.twitter.com/m5pY6CAo6e
Look at something call noise to the right.  Read my note.
Unfortunately it was not written for idiots. Sorry.
Intelligence is problem dependent, unlike diseases. So there is a serious probability you too are a fraud.
I can now see @WiringTheBrain is a fraud.
They are entertainers.
Your ENTIRE thread is constructed BS for idiots who don't understand that research. Entire BS.
G, I have blocked the others as no more use for them. Remember that every association there (positive correlation or other) needs to be discounted by circularity Test-hiring and data hacking.
Olympiads of techné (vs epistemé): no BS real world skills vs college w/humanities lecktshurers. pic.twitter.com/TvKrafX5PH
I downloaded the original Falconer. But could be correct, but I don't think in correlation but entropy. Heredity shd be linear to differential entropy. See my thingy on correlation.
Someone who needs to do a Monte Carlo for a trivial proba problem can be written off as below amateur.
By policy, if my BS detector makes me go after someone very hard, it is BECAUSE I know his/her work. For instance, I read everything from Pinker. Psychs are idiots. It is almost never the reverse. pic.twitter.com/Mt3glSucVO
I didn't see the proof for h^2= 2 (\rho1-rho2), and wonder if there is another problem there.
Yes. This is clueless.
Wait. They ran out of stock. They should drop later.
His pairwise twin methods overestimate heredity by only providing the upper bound.
I read his papers. He fails to get: 1) intransitivity of correlation. 2) error 3) dimensionality problems Basicaly, everything in multivariate probabilistic modeling.
Dm
Solution: squats but lighter weight.
They say it is the best for the knees. Find me a squatting person without knee problems.
Kazan, Republic of Tatarstan.
Proba of exceeding 1 sigma drops
No
If you say Abs[\rho] then sub.
Nothing that works has been uncknown to merchants and adv people
I don’t squat much. I press.
Went up 75 lbs since
It is the claims of heritability that bother me.
I am getting tired of pple lecturing me on “Italian” expressions. “Gabish” is to capisci what “gabagool” is to capicola, and “avangool” to ...
Wait till it delivers.
Can we avoid the causation bit? Do not divert my basic point.
I block quickly.
I block anyone who repeats "Correlation does not mean causation" out of context.
Ignore them, Matthew.  The article has been generalized by eugenists to genetics & heritability. All it can scientifically confirm is the trivial notion that some people are betters than others given same practice in a specific environment.  You can't get to DNA without BS.
It is the fundamental metrics that social scientists don't seem to get but talk abt like PARROTS.  What is correlation?  It's the average of 2 normalized variables MULTIPLIED by one another. In some NARROW circumstances it expresses a statistical association. Which ones?
He confirmed "fooled by randomness". But they don't get that psychologists too are fooled and one needs an error robust society.
How Behavioral Economics is Dangerous BS. Very dangerous. pic.twitter.com/nEXvAudTj1
Met twice
MOntaigne
Yes! Started within 8 years, ended 10 years later.
Fake. Drawn from descriptions.
Corrected pic.twitter.com/vRBlp3Jua3
Friends, this is the first draft of my forward for Cippola's Basic Laws of Stupidity. For comments. Thanks. pic.twitter.com/1QtL00EtoB
or 7y
Edit: 1830.
I've always wondered if the root had anything to do with "life" l7m
Interesting story. Except of course that this is likely to be apocryphal: The book is lost. pic.twitter.com/Ovn7s9efPS
Yuuugely honored.
Ejmélan tefnis
My second largest hit...
Hello! Thanks! Let me check my schedule.
Idiot can be an accurate description not an invective.
Local but can be bottled
Stress of trading
Very bad science
Rum. Western Roman is “Franj”.
Don’t smoke pipes.
I never compromised
The #Lindy readings was a great policy.
He is good. Very very good.
(cont) I am much stronger than I was at 26. I know a lot more than I did at 26, after eliminating news, only #Lindy books. I speak more languages than I did at 26. I am more independent than I was at 26. but, mostly I made so many mistakes I have more scars than I had at 26. pic.twitter.com/kw1sraiM8p
That's not how science works. What makes sense to you is not science.
It was a cover for systematic fraud. I went after them in 2003.
Block idiots. Nobody is saying we're all equal.
He doesn't get frequency.
Plus some fur (cold)
Those from Morocco went largely to Israel. Algeria to France (they had the Fr nationality thanks to the Decret Cremieux).
CORRECTION Ramanujan failed college, not high school. pic.twitter.com/dPuGISDJM5
Rarely before 1958.
Litteraires, seulement.
The Minn twin study is not so kosher.
Alden's
Keep looking.
I prefer Italian mézé.
Long time ago, an option trader without facial hair, deadlifts & a twitter account. pic.twitter.com/T49rJLK0GT
The looks are Levantine, the arrogance is very Lebanese.
She is soooooooooooooo Lebanese she doesn't need a passport to enter the country.
h^2 is overestimated.
I don't need your patronizing & advice.  Now go fuck yourself.
These are NOT first year grad school stats. Higher dimensionality/explosion of errors are largely untaught.
Simple 1D problem. Assume 25 siblings have a genetic predisposition to Type 2 diabetes. In a hunter gatherer envir, they will show no correlations w/r to diseases. Move them to Kansas city => high correlation, hence "genetic determinism".  Now think how this blows up in higher D.
(For the stickler:) matheux= "matheux mais pas mathematicien"
Noise is convex to the number of variables.
You may be a statistician but you seem clueeeeless about dimensionality, interactions, and overfitting.
I make tons of mistakes. This is not necessarily one of them
“Ce n’est qu’un matheux” used to irritate Mandelbrot.
Look up computational irreducibility. IF so, some we'll never know.
Some genes that "play a role in height" like milk and icy rain, others squid ink and sunshine.
His book has a BS section on polygenic scores.
There is still a cross-term with environment similarity one needs to extricate.
Please expand
Not quite. A colony of Emesa inside the desert.
It is even worse. The “Traditional French Mathmtical Establishment” ( Bourbakists) never considered probability as part of mathematics.
You work for twitter and want tweets to be full fledged essays in precision?
In the jargon of mathematicians. matheux is not the equivalent of journaleux. Mathematicians call me matheux never mathematicien.
*going into more and more abstract objects.*
3/ Real mathematicians are obsessed with abstraction, going into more and more abstract. "Matheux" like contact and feedback with the concrete.  During the Soviet era, mathematicians were forced to prove *some* connection to things, how they were helping the building of the USSR
This idiot didn't see the video is not about IQ.
He is applied, no?
You're not a mathematician. Too smart for that.
Not quite. A lot of "applied mathematicians" are theoretical. It is the difference between a computer scientist and a programmer.
Imbecile, he was a business builder not involved in math setups. And do not use "outperform" out of context.
He is a fake mathematician
He is solid
2/ I learned from a long career in math finance to never hire mathematicians (PhD in math) to solve math problems or toy with actual equations. You get a better payoff with a "matheux" who studied (undergrad) electrical engineering in India, Russia, Lebanon, or Brazil.
1/ The French have a distinction mathematician vs. "matheux". + The mathematicia(e)n is like someone who composes music; doesn't have to perform, be good w/instruments. Invents math. + The matheux is someone who plays an instrument; can be a virtuoso but doesn't compose music.
There is a myth that modern Greeks are different from ancient Hellenes, largely perpetuated by Nazis who claimed ancient Greeks looked like Northern Europeans. In fact, both Modern and Ancient Greeks are largely from Anatolia. I will delete my reply to him, nevertheless.
You don't know how to download?
For those who don't get it: governance declines with scale. Some places more than others. The dream of a "strong nation" that plays geopolitics instead of focusing on law, to facilitate services & commerce is a Baathist disease.
I block anyone who cites Harari as a reference for anything. Worse than Pinker.  Gabish?
Imbecile, and how about the OTHER things that ALSO came with mosquitoes?
No. It is not correlation is not causation. It is correlation is not correlation.
Harizona?
There are three types of people. 1) Those who say eliminating mosquitoes is a great thing, book a trip to Alaska/Siberia. 2) Those who reflect, & look at second order effects, particularly when those exist: the cause of the Great Famine under Mao.  3) Those who get convexity.
Yamoncher Bil Lebnéné 3arabiyyé msh siyyara,
So many have sent me this tweet; here is my answer. Remember transfats? And another 0000s of these "obviously" safe thingies?  I am really scared to live in a society in which people take @sapinker seriously. On anything.  That's all I have to say. pic.twitter.com/PBEs5vMVz6
Pan Sunnism
λάθε βιώσας
Block imbeciles. Scaling (the topic of Principia/Antifragile) is not present in same form/covexity elsewhere.
You don't get scaling, so please read Principia or Antifragile.
Lebanese fight all the time over wine.
My Principia Politica is not out yet. Yet its terminology is having some impact! pic.twitter.com/GMxlIGzxAl
This said, Universality/Computational equivalence is one the most important problem I can think of and @trishankkarthik knows it damn well. And it is worth discussing to see where it can and can't apply, even if it diverts us from IQ.
Horsecrap.
Yes but the Cath- Protest division was not IQ based.
Used the same argument with Copts who, at 5% own the bulk of the GDP of Egypt. The idea that NonCopts come from Arabia is not solid: most are converted Copts.
Ireland, Czeck Rep., Slovakia, Croatia, Montenegro, Serbia, Cyprus... People get along better as neighbors than as roommates. Time for Syrians to understand the large Nation-State with "grandeur" & prestige has failed them, destroyed minorities. Small is beautiful.
Parts of Syria have nothing to do with the Levant.
No
Germany is a Federation
Not outside of pure math. He could not finish high school.
Likewise I busted the Jewish IQ story Murray was propounding with the following: 1% of France is Protestant, same as Jews; Protestants have ~same number of Nobel prizes/same wealth as Jews. There is no genetic diff Protestant/Catholic. Minorities are just more driven.
Also this is fraud pic.twitter.com/ofdeHapaMy
@ShipSystem I gave up on him when he invoked "compatibibility with economic theory" while questioned on empirical evidence. Among other incompetence.
OK I have no more use for you for now. As you may be aware, I block idiots. Nothing personal.
Can you tell us where you got it so we can try to replicate the results?
It is PERFECTLY consistent to overpay those who score well because they are morons who obey orders.
We are now talking about YOUR paper. Are you going to give us the data?
Explain how you can “correlate” with nonGaussian variables with a straight face.
You are the one who needs to show circularity doesn’t matter. Now that you are admitting@you didn’t consider it no more questions before you give us your data.
It is simple: you can provide us (w @normonics) with ALL your data and we will show you where the bullshit is, if any of course.
Do you realize that log income is not Gaussian?
After you explain you Gaussian assumption: Where in your paper did you adjust for circularity testtaking-job credentials?
Did you make this assumption for you paper? Did you pick wages not income to fool us?
Are log wages Gaussian? Yes/No
Explain first how you are regressing earnings before first attesting they are Gaussian.
Explain "correlate". Show how your metric correlates preciselty.
Does it mean Mr Lindqvist that you cannot debunk with anything of substance?
Gordon, block the idiot.
Yes in “recoltes et semailles” Grothendieck shows a profound contempt for fellow “game players”.
He explained to me that he lucked out because he could solve them geometrically. He was never able to solve an algebraic equation.
And ignore statements about “math geniuses with High IQ”. 1- how many high IQ can do math? 2- Ramanujan, Groethendieck, Mandelbrot were horrrrrrrible at standardized tests... has a mystical link to math...
Below IQ threahold for age group
Reread and you will find it.
Fucking idiot did you test their IQ?
A metric that ONLY detects "below average" will show 80% correlation with performance. (corrected typos) pic.twitter.com/5N0K0mCDpP
PROBABILITY DU JOUR A clearer presentation showing how a metric for disease can falsely masquerade as a metric for performance because "correlation" is not appropriate (and should NEVER be used) under nonlinearity. Something the Quillettebeciles don't get. pic.twitter.com/whcdbdcO2M
Nice article on LEb and antifragility
You are a bit thick. Is your body temperature predictive of performance? It is. Do you measure it to predict success? A measure needs some reliability, symmetry, etc. And a metric for disease is NOT a metric for performance. Now think before posting or you get blocked.
Even then. Math is too complex compared to the "speed" of association in the tests.
Actually I go further: IQ tests beyond retardation levels reveal a certain SLAVE mindset.
Added the Maserati analogy. IQ cannot predict a "performance" that is not defined. pic.twitter.com/EOQqwuxzDz
Ignorant.
His motto "En politique comme en amour,  ni jamais, ni toujours."
Many 150+ work as waiters. No <70 works as anything except perhaps Quillette editor.
Yes and Hawran
Imbecile
The only evidence is that it detects retardation. Almost all the “correlation” comes from that. The rest is circularity.
Our grandfather flipped sides a few times
Some are.
Stats in Pol Sci are gaerbage because fat tails.9
You need to block idiots very rapidly.
Yes, Thanks!
I hate modern music. Can they do quartets?
Idiot, my point is that computational equivalence != Blank Slate.
Imbecile, I am not *endorsing* any universality.
Fucking idiot, @joelwatsonfish found nothing statistically wrong other than nitpicking quizzes and too long proofs.
You also need to specify whether you are humans are individually Touring machines, and if not, at what scale, etc. Reframe and clarify your argument.
I have a book by Eco somewhere on Sherlock Holmes, Abduction, etc.
Do you realize, Marijn, that you may be bolstering a point in Luxenberg's thesis with this argument?
Yes payoffs for me come before truth, belief is procedural not veridical (hence religion). He went in the other direction.
You are wasting time arguing about universal computation/Touring machines with the Quilletebeciles neonazis who interpretet as a blank slate argument. The Quilettebeciles don't even get that you may bolster their argument since in practice there is a yuuge diff betw processors!
@dwnhogendoorn Some problems with Peirce's probabilistic convergence to "Truth". Ignores second moment. And evidence I did my homework: tons of notes.
Being a trader is like being an animal. Wait until you start smelling weakness.
You wait for weakness.
Sold pieces into short covering.
Ignore journos: they can't property scale moves, put them in perspective. The SP500 is still up >12% on the year.  #SkinintheGame: Have to reveal I've been short HLF for more than a year. Fear of missing an opportunity, just in case Ackman turns out to be ultimately right.
Thanks a million!
I wonder: the plural of  العالمين is Classical Ar is broken: عوالم 3awalem, so I wonder if it is just copied from Syriac or Heb. without translation.
Don’t get close.
I like ML
He would drink all the wine!
@camilleasleiman Ya Kamil inté kamén lézém! 7alla ba2a!
2) You can be fooled by people, and you can be fooled by fields. For instance I was fooled by behavioral economics... pic.twitter.com/Fuh5od8bjB
I think we'll debate with @trishankkarthik @normonics privately over Lebanese wine. Yuuge limitations to universality within indiv., but some ideas on collective via evolution.
Classifying psychology as "science" reminds me of the Reagan Administration's classification of Ketchup in school cafeterias as "vegetable". We need to declassify.
I never considered @davidgraeber to be a bullshitter, even when I thought he was wrong. One can be wrong without being a bullshitter.
Asymmetry of BS detector:  Friends, there have been many situations where I thought someone was solid, then realized I was mistaken as he turned out to be a bullshitter (e.g. NateS,PT,SP...) Can't find reverse mistake: pple I thought were bullshitters but turned out to be solid.
The graph says: "inconclusive". Change 2 points and see the slope!
Both tails are similar
Anyone saying 17 sigmas about Argentina has a problem. pic.twitter.com/n8EryQDePU
Dear @WolframResearch, what's the symbol for the MERVAL? Trying to get data ...for obvious reasons. Thanks! pic.twitter.com/XqCpKfLkkR
Aside from other flaws; free markets != some imbecilic psychologists.
I asked you to stop. Gabish?
One word: LTCM
What does a “(basic) law” mean in economics? Some “laws” seem to be empirical, others normative, some deduced from some arbitrary “principle”, a few pulled out of a hat.
I don't lawyer, I don't threaten, I don't do legalese. Not in that business. Except, of course, if someone sends a lawyer...
Too cruel, MSD
Please do not use "brown", rather Non-Nordics. Thanks
In other words, ergodic == absence of absorbing states.
What we call an ergodic Markov chain is one where no transition probability = 0 or 1. So there is an "ergodic probability" of being in a given state as proportion of time there.
Why is why I fly Delta not AF
Disregard. I've blocked @primalpoly, close to the lowest rank of loser you get in academia.
These idiots don't get that the US system, particularly when there is a jury, isn't favorable to ...race ranking. If I were Quillette I would try to stay under the radar.  Minority rules.
Things are spiraling downward much, much faster than I thought. (This deleted tweet by Lehman Brothers was verified on Google cache; I thought it was a spoof).  Next target? Some monstrous BS vending outfit I haven't targeted yet. pic.twitter.com/OpWkJWAfeX
Verified.
This may be a spook. Verifying.
Once more before I mute you. A psychologist is not teaching about lumberjacking. But an economist is lecktshuring about BUSINESS. Gabish?
Liver
Hi, is this for real or is it a spoof? Thanks!
We are talking about lecturing people about economics/financee, something tangible.
Think about it. If this guy understood life he would be in business, he wouldn't be making state income in an econ department.
Sobu, block these idiots who will try to mob you.
Kenet ghalta lblock hayde
Oui
Voila! Merci bien. pic.twitter.com/FpJv1WWhE9
Cipolla's def. + stupid: someone who inflicts costs on others while not bringing benefits to himself/herself, even possibly incurring great costs. + bandit: inflicts costs on others but at some benefits to himself/herself. The stupid is vaaaaastly more dangerous than the bandit.
Easier: if person X, stupid, is part of a profession, will person X survive 10 years or, since ratio \sigma is constant, will X be replaced by another stupid person?
Oui!
Yes I am writing the preface and was going to call you to ask abt ergodicity of \sigma!
Rather easy to verify: My idea is that the time people actually spend in the top 1% equals the unconditional, etc. Discussed with @BrankoMilan the transition probabilities.
Not the point. The point is that in any confrontation an elected official will be swamped by an autocrat.
In other words: Cipolla's 2nd Law: there is a ratio \sigma of stupid people, in all professions/groups/periods. My Q: is it like econ. inequality, same ratio, but different people? If you came back in 10 y, \sigma has new people (i.e ergodic).  Does the stupid survive in group?
Cipolla
How about A averages?
Sunce you’re asking...
Yes!
Look at ants!
You hit on something: collective intelligence (groups) is orthogonal to individual ones because of scale transformation.
Murray also manages to BS about mathematics. A scholar! pic.twitter.com/loJG4ctyym
Methods of the loci. If you want to remember math stuff, carry a durable physical notebook with standard theorems/graphs. You will associate the equation with a physical page.
Students prefer hard copies for math.
There is a book by the Russian psychologist Luria about a prodigy who could remember tons. He mentally used  maps 2D ->3D where each object to remember would be placed.  When I look at a physical book in my library, I remember the contents! Even more when I hold it in my hands.
Never
Both
Please don't use "white". Use Nordicist.
Note: I do not disrespect psychologists because I don't know their works. It is precisely BECAUSE I read their crap. Between 2002 and 2005½   I read >200 psychology books and took notes.  (Here 3 books by Pinker @sapinker who claims I didn't read his junk) pic.twitter.com/EH1VNTZgU4
Yes, they are throwing anything at me. Geoff Miller is a very very mediocre man & devoid of courage.
Greek and Phoenician!
Yours? J2?
No worries. That's what happens when you block someone.
We have a free option on a real mistake that can caught early.
Incompetent, indeed.
Counterexamples don't give you precise bounds, you dweeb.
He actually discusses the pyramids but misses a few connections of dots.
Fucking con artist, it is worth your time to nitpick every twitter statement I make, but now you see that I am actually MYSELF looking for errors, it is no longer worth your time?
Honored!
“Between IQ scores and IQ” is what I meant.
So many claims are so viciously false... Babylonians, Chinese, and Indians had explicit logical systems. pic.twitter.com/68WMKDjOzz
عيد مبارك
He means you can manufacture a correlation from a third=linear combination of 2 independent random variables as a counterexample showing intransitivity.
Eid Mubarak to all.
Grazie! Da dove viene questo?
Berytus was mostly swamps (Karantina where St George killed the monster), largely uninhabited. Romans drained the swamps and gave lands and housing to Eastern legions there & Baalbeck. Those spoke Latin. People misattribute the Latin to the school of law. The school came later.
Map is wrong. Berytus and Heliopolis (Libanensis) were Senatorial provinces.
In the case of Elea, Michael is right: it was ethnic Greeks in Magna Graecia (a later term). In the case of Anatolia/Alexandria, not necessarily as locals used the lingua franca during the Hellenistic period.
There are still >10 mistakes regardless of method: Persians vs Arabians, Roman vs Greek, etc.
Depends when.
Of course not. A comment about the author...
Greek as hell
We can come to SB next time
Carthage was run by a senate that blocked Hannibal.
Whether the list was drawn by geography or ethnity, 15-18 mistakes. Murray is as ignorant in the humanities as he is in statistics.
Same origin  as Steve Jobs and the Severan emperors
Haan
There was still race. But the categories were different. Meds and Nordics were never together in Hellenistic and up to the rise of Islam.
منها العربيه
But then you need consistency, solis, sanguinis or linguae. Both Maimonides and Averroes shd then be in same category.
11
Their genetic closest people would be Western Turks and Kurds who changed language. Murray probably didn't know that at the time but many of us were aware of it.
They veered left.
Alas, I know.
Salonika's Jews came in the late 16th C.
My father once told me:  "Never antagonize Jesuits; their erudition is so wide and so deep they know things you'll never suspect they know."
Graeco-Phoenician, that is.
I believe so.
I think he had to be Phoenician: like me he wanted to be a trader.
More mistakes (total 18): Zeno of Elea was from Campania, S. of Naples. I am embarrassed I did not detect it at first reading.
No worries.
Further, a classical Greek would be furious to become part of this "West" to give a pedigree to Mountebank Murray's ancestors & justify their "genetics" theories.  Greeks were Meds, first and last and closer to Persia/Mesopotamia where the action was.
Averroes, like Maimonides was born in Cordoba. Try to call him "Spanish", Westerner! Some elementary mistakes anyone with intellect would detect: Philo Judaeus 'The Jew" would be... Greek?
He was Hellenistic and Aramaic speaking, from my stock. Like I write in English but am not an English national. Gabish?
He wrote a history book!
Mountebank race monger Charles Murray @charlesmurray has a list of "Human Accomplishments" by "Westerners" He has 15 mistakes on a single page!  Tertullian was Berber Saadia was Bagdadi/Egyptian AlKindi was Arabian Poseidonius was Syrian Mani was Persian Porphyrius  Phoenician pic.twitter.com/rSisK6SeQ4
I prefer the company of people who make me smile to those who make me laugh.
Ergodic means the risk for a single person over time equals the statistical risk.
you can be ergodic if you do it once.
I know.
OK, OK. Conspiracy perhaps. But never never underestimate incompetence.
Sorry I meant higher. THe side of the inequality that the squares of the correlation >=1 pic.twitter.com/OdCPams11L
Actually <= .6
Incorrect. To be against scientism is to be against packaged BS that looks superficially like science to the unrigorous.
Don't tell anyone!
QUIZ: If you correlate .8 w/your own IQ test & your test correlates at \rho w/*some* performance X (say, solving multiplications standing on one leg), how high does \rho have to be for you to correlate to X?
Scale transformation.
Last week dinner in NY for the "deadlifting probabilists anti-BS squad".  Summary of discussion: anything optimized leads to permanent injuries.   @zay_ugh @alexandersquats @trishankkarthik @digvijoy_c @ja_furman @Vasilis48814362 pic.twitter.com/NavVJhgIPv
Do you have the handles of people at dinner?
Excel
I need to write it.
This imbecile (blocked) thinks EVOLUTION =SCIENTIFIC RACISM
I like risk.
I usually have more technical publications than my detractors.
4.4->4.6 Mutual information, correlation with and without ellipticality.
TABLE OF CONTENTS The book is done. That is, 99%. All I need is check the equations.  Can take 1 day or 1 year! pic.twitter.com/eEi4ddFk1e
Meds don't tan in the sun. That's for Nordics who want to go Med.
You don't become Med by spending time tanning in the sun drinking thick wine and eating olive oil. You become Med when you speak all Med languages as a single one.
I don’t have views. I have methods.
Praetor = bs buster
It is because we traders don't mind taking frequent small losses.
My instinct is exposing work early so people find mistakes. I don't feel embarrassed but maybe that's an ego problem. That works.
Which is why we have a proof mechanism.
Not quite. Some people are allergic to BS in professional setting: mathematicians, logicians,...
Yes but these are still experiment dependent.
People loooooove the idea of BS busting. Until they find out that they are the ones being busted.
Ev Psych is not necessarily bad.  Gabish?
Gad never fucked with me.
You need to heat up the sandwich. Never never cold.
I ve been doing that since 1997
Why?
No he is mad at smear campaigns
This is what triggered me. pic.twitter.com/cj0XHEkF22
As a nonregular customer
Blocked
Connecting the INCERTO to various research traditions pic.twitter.com/NTlUSEn9pj
You bought a product from the publisher. This is called TRADE. You didn't give me charity money. Fuck off, now.
I’ve blocked Peterson but I can imagine what’s going on.
I apologize. It was the Swiss.
 pic.twitter.com/hi7oZChMeo
Why the fuck do you have to chromatize people into "brown" and "black"? Stupid and distasteful.
That was before I blocked him.
Yoram, being polite to the mafia is complicity. When you see fraud, don’t be polite. In scientific dissagreement, be courteous. Not with harmful fraud.
When people give you two reasons consider the first one to be bogus.
I don’t know the details. But the victims are also black so his claim is distorted.
Fuck, no.
Insults = honesty
Without scholarships we'd end up with humorless males like you.  Gabish?
Better atmosphere.   People who suffer (refugees)
My endorsement of Tom Holland's Dominion. pic.twitter.com/FxxgyEIcUW
Can we see the back?
You good
Cliff owes me lunch
Means it is TOOO random
Sorry to say it, but IQ should works for @clairlemon. Correlation is higher between very low intellect and very low scores.
MATHEMATICAL FINANCE DU JOUR Volatility (squared returns) doesn't have a variance. Its Kurtosis is never defined. Implications: Risk Parity is analytically nonsense since volatility is NOT informative and doesn't converge in-sample. pic.twitter.com/L7TdZdG4tC
A troll, my friend.
I can pull out the distribution. Related to Wishhart.
Response to @NateSilver538 via @aubreyclayton was just published.  Moral: Unless you know your subject, don't mess with probability. pic.twitter.com/0wjlIFMgte
Remember that you are dealing with cruel people who want to put underprivileged pple in boxes.
Same when you write the code for a stochastic differential equation you discover it’s an integral.
MSB please do not go into pple’s background unless they pose. Just engage arguments. Not honorable.
Deontic libertarianism?
Assez con comme remarque.
At the number of unintelligent questions like this one asked per year.
Asymmetry
I don't hunt for papers. Rederived.
It all started with a fight with @davidgraeber when I realized I was wrong and Quillette has nothing to do with anything other than a cover for "race realism", in other words, the Sinister agenda.
I am transparent about my derivations. pic.twitter.com/dc8rtLGksj
No. Tao might be wrong.
Fucking imbecile Twitter is not my private life.
No the inequality squared sum >1 gives a positive and negative condition for correlations.
Actually, no. Found counterexample to Terry Tao. See equation. Stays intransitive except close to correlation of 1.
 pic.twitter.com/wkdCDz9AU9
Yes
Bingo!
If you have something intelligent, say it. You want to be blocked?
I just want people to take it seriously. Not downplay it as this offensive Tyson did.
Can you pleaaaaase give Trishank a chance.
You good. Very good.
Non lo so.
Imbecile, Northern Europe was never ahead of anything until the 1600.
You good. Very good.
Why don't you go bullshit someone else?
Not eugenists!
All traders know it, see the thread. But we don't tell pple...
Solution: but someone needs to doublecheck I may have made a mistake. pic.twitter.com/pzIjb1QyLV
Unlike you, Ms Gjedde, I am free. Very free. I can use any language I enjoy using.
Incidentally this are the kind of replies (to this thread) that convince me that "race-realists" are sub-idiots. This fellow just proved to me prosperity isn't genetic: consider China 1600-1950, Europe -1000-1600, vs Med, and you see a rollover. (Ergodicity again) pic.twitter.com/OKJxVS0lxs
You buy close to the lower bound short close to the upper bound and have convexity.
In my book Dynamic Hedging I show arbitrage bounds for correlations, a tutorial. We knew correlations were not transitive but the bounds were arbitrages. pic.twitter.com/ag59oBjRVs
QUIZ. Here is another statistical error by IQ-Eugenists. Show the magnitude of the error (bounds on correlation) pic.twitter.com/uocognaol7
Marmeladebrain, this is not a translation but from my own piece.
No, imbecile. When you translate into "effect", not correlation, you need to see if your IQ measure has less noise than that of the effect.
Ba3d Prokrustes, badna ntarjm Principia Politica lal lbnene
From din, law.
Another example of why you cannot use statistical formulas without knowing probability. Majority of neuroscience papers miscalculate significance. pic.twitter.com/hJ0F9aoA5Y
You mean blood pressure as well? Or height? Try to think before these questions.
Which is what you can see, with moderate performance linked to IQ scores, not larger deviations. Ignore him he is an idiot.
Then your tests isn't a test of "intelligence" or mental abilities, but capacity to follow orders, a "valuable slave". Why is my point.
Noodlebrain, nobody is interested in sterile "ability", but payoff in the real world.
Bingo. I have blocked others in the conversation but here it is obvious: f(x) has to be sigmoidal (f is ability, x is score), or in the family of functions that produce threshold (special case is Heaviside)
They will order food from there.
I think on the way
Fucking idiot did you ever meet me in person?
Put it on the table in front of the person, but it is rare. You are not supposed to ask, so you fetch it yourself.
Where in Italy?
I block idiots. Sorry.
Henri 4 s'est converti au Catholicism pour devenir souverain avec grande pompee. "Paris vaut bien une messe".
Open to anyone with $870 in his/her bank account.
This is me in 2030 pic.twitter.com/ze7a400Lnw
Baabda ne vaut pas une messe...
Did you ever ask someone who met me?
You know charlatan Sam Harris is lying because superstitious Eastern Mediterraneans never pass the salt (I am aggressively superstitious). Plus he offered to “bury the hatchet” and wrote this when I told him to f*** off.
It was an excellent espresso, though.
The Great Famine
I need to buy mosquito repellent spray; but I am naturally a repellent to IYIs. They feel they are choking in my presence as I produced fumes only they can detect.  3 minutes and they are gone. Just consider the reaction of BSvendor Sam Harris pic.twitter.com/RBLj8Rryjy
Read probability books instead.
Eddesh be2e blebnen?
They know about measurement noise (papers in 1950) but do not use it to express its effect on results.
Bingo but it is not regression to the mean but 1) standard Bayesian inference, 2) nonnecessarily Bayesian integration of background information. All math converge, regardless of approach.
What annoys you more,  + mosquitoes, or  + IYIs (Intellectual Yet Idiots) who discuss their elimination thinking they understand the consequences?
He
Meant Tournesol
Flattered!
Msh bi Amioun!
We stopped responding when Lehman used the Blank Slate which is a straw man (almost noboby believes in the Blank Slate). Quillette's followers might be as stupid as the editors (they are) & cheered; but it is the defense by Lehman that confirmed the sinister racial agenda! pic.twitter.com/rtBVWCPF2l
Where is that?
They wouldn't dare there
No, .06 (now .12) and .02. Sic.
Same issue of journal
Plus I detected some fishy stuff in studies; some cherry picking.
You inherit your parent's features. I am questioning the payoff from these and the interpretations/ranking. We are not ranking nationalities by their looks.
Actually even he says less. pic.twitter.com/WWfvxd7AfG
Plomin. And lifetime h^2 is about .5 pic.twitter.com/oYZW4l7uKi
Our kings were Municipal Chieftains.
Correction: maximum .12 of the Variance according to THEIR OWN research (the heritability metric,  Falconer's "h-square" is hard to map to standard variance).  For me, because of adjustments, still <.02
Of Greece? Cyprus?
Yes indeed!
Kamil Abousleiman
Food debasement (identical to currencies) Non-artisanal corporations w/MBA managers start substituting products progressively that imperceptibly worsen the product, until blowup. You start w/lemonade, then sell what passes for lemonade.  Same as bankers hiding risk for a bonus.
Fuck, no. Forget the mechanism and focus on the statistical phenomenology: everything new has been fucked, we only say Omega 6, hydrogenation or something much later.
If this is not PUBLIC information, you need to remove ASAP!
Both but France focuses on sunflower
I mean sunflower oil not corn oil in France pic.twitter.com/3VU5sRMqxi
I mean sunflower oil. Tournesol.
Let's stop here. Have a nice career.
The problem is that, except for sushi bars, one cannot eat out without inspecting the kitchen. Even “olive oil” is often debased, like a currency, with seed oil. We need a “seed oil detector” very badly.
f vs f(x)
Exccccccccelllllent!
Not the full story. Seed oil is a yuuuge problem
"Dick" means they don't like my ideas.
Thanks, I am honored.
"If you want people to buy a book, tell them it is overrated". Bed of Procrustes pic.twitter.com/3DgvC088M5
Please stop posting unless you write an EQUATION. OK? Sorry but I am losing patience with you.
Equations please. Or don't post I block idiots.
Saved by John of Damascus who used  Omayad protection!
It is not the average population effect but the effect on the average population.
Non monsieur: the value of covariance is what you scale with the square root of the product of the variances. Are you joking!
36% error , 1-.8^2
Saves lives by transmitting complex rules. See Antifragile
Precisely. He is very very diligent. But klueeeeless. He fell into the trap of overestimating heredity.
4 different... clocks
No, it's like uncertainty of the stop watch.
Blocked
Yes but doesn't matter much.
Complete exposition. Never have mercy on psychologists/psychiatrists.  Remember lobotomies, now into eugenics agendas, etc.  NEXT: Figured out how Robert Plomin (pope of behavioral genetics) shoddily overestimates inheritance in his metrics. You cut the mafia from the top. pic.twitter.com/Q9BJLfLGHK
Doesn't help. This is for higher order effects. Anything showing people embedding error rate?
This is a master's thesis for a vocabulary test with no mathematical backbone.
Psychologists are usually never good at anything. Not at math, rigor, science, money, practical life, anything.
Answer: 112, (assuming variance is the same for you and the general population). pic.twitter.com/gmz5u0bSyH
Fuck, no.
QUIZ. How to estimate IQ and why psychology is klueeless about its own statistics. pic.twitter.com/4RZa7jbDS1
His long walk was exactly 100 meters.
Sorry, but I block idiots.
I would have met other friends in Athens but I only spent 1 night there.
The measurement tool (the chronometer) or the output?
I went by proba not deviation. Not necessarily Gaussian.
I am not defending MBS, I am describing things I did not foresee. Unlike most, I reveal my mistakes.
The thrust is not about the gender equality in KSA, but the weakening of the Wahabis who spread the stuff in Madrassas across the planet.
Wendy did you apply for a scholarship?
I told you you were my guest
His name was actually Said  سعيد بن يوسف أبو يعقوب الفيومي المشهور ب"سَعْدِيا"
Jastrow
Picklebrain, if you knew anything abt blood pressure; it is ONLY used OUTSIDE a range to predict CVD; effect beyond nomotensive starts at 150 systolic nonlinearly. It is not used as a "measurement" otherwise; its predictions carry a low predictability. Try another example.
I found it strange many Christians are called Said (and Jews like Said al Fayumi--Saadia Gaon), which appears to be an Aramaic name; fewer have Saad or Saadallah. pic.twitter.com/JFRl60kpOi
I did not get the information from the press, but from 4 separate discussions with Lebanese residents in Saudi Arabia who come back for the summer.
Discreet. Sorry... probability keeps creeping in.
Looks like I made a yuuugee mistake reading MBS. ---- He is going big time after the Wahabis. He crippled the religious police مطوع with an immediate effect on life in the Kingdom. People are reporting plenty of (discrete) parties, perhaps a rapidly evolving sexual liberation.
My friend, these are colored pasta! No stain.
Exactly. That's the one I used in The Black Swan!
Correct. Patching Gaussians fails to work.
Psychometrics is one of the rare situations where people use a nondeterministic metric as a numeraire/baseline and call it "science". If your correlations between same measurements isn't >.99 you have a problem. pic.twitter.com/b0b1MxE7Lq
Why don't you fuckoff and go lecture someone else?
How linked to Saadia for Jews, like Saadia Ga3on?
Quant Finance du jour: A test showing the SP500 has no stable 4th moments. pic.twitter.com/uFxLZ1ruww
Papoulis. Never start with stats, start with probability.
For "perfect resemblance".
I meant Covariance of 1 AND correlation of 1. \sigma_1 = \sigma_2, under condition of \rho =1.
\sigma_1 = \sigma_2, under condition of \rho =1.
Psychologists think in correlation. They often conflate correlation with covariance (which includes effects). I just read Plomin's book and am poring over his coauthored textbook. A correlation of 1 does NOT mean perfect resemblance. A covariance of 1 does. pic.twitter.com/nE2YUuoTAt
Let me reexplain: If there is a significant variance for YOUR own IQ, the link IQ-performance break down. The pick up < than the propagated variance! Devastating discounting effect. @StuartJRitchie missed the point.  ILLUSTRATION: from my Medium piece. Try again @primalpoly pic.twitter.com/ffaddC2CyN
It gets very bad when you propagate from it. There are other uncertainties.
Ethics
The average is not a metric under nonlinearity. You need full distribution.
The net effect has an extra error rate. Gabish?
No you need to rediscount for your own sampling, humbleman
Both @primalpoly and his friend don't get that you don't know your own IQ with 34% uncertainty. Plus other stuff. pic.twitter.com/VSlwjkoHn6
No
Honor and principles. Private hatred should not influence political opinions.
I would too. Assad pere blew up my house. But I can't tawk to a bullshitter
The technical linked there
Plus, finally, added gains from retesting.
1) Heated debates are markers/eliminate unqualified pple from a scholarly conversation. 2) Heritability: their stats are almost right +cherry picking). But they cook up their numbers. A correlation of .5 (the highest) explains only 25% of the variation. Adjusting I get 6% effect!
I do too. See my point about eigenvalues not working.
I saw his critique. Different from mine. In other words, additive nail in the coffin.
I am saying self-correlation is 80%. Gabish?
And without fudging and the data mining, job screening in the military (the highest variance reduction is <25%). But still not my problem. Use real nonbullshit metrics from information theory.
80% correlation is not 80% reliability but 64% .
In other words, a test that self-correlates at 80% has a reliability problem.
You need to match number of tests taken on both sides. Plus there is a second order effect I will try to calculate later.
You are saying that the built-in measurement error == sampling error?
See 2nd tweet. You have an uncertainty about YOUR OWN IQ: when you correlate to performance, you lower by a factor.
In other words if as @stuartjrichie claims IQ tests correlate at .8, you have a quite large uncertainty about your own IQ hence you should propagate to the performance. The overall correlation is not unconditional.
Yes but the consequence for an individual is diluted by the fact that he/she doesn't know the true IQ result by some variation.
So psychologist @stuartjrichie writes a book on IQ. In it he reveals that your own IQ tests correlate at .8— every time you take the test. He didn’t realize the need to discount accordingly correlations IQ-performance by devastating amounts.  Psychology is astrology.
It’s Avon in Syriac hence Auon in Greek.
It’s already a federation.
Fucking moron it's not a fight: it's watching her do self-flagellation, which gets painful once it starts eliciting commiseration.
I block idiots
Whatever I delete I repost
90
Not even.
Fundamental Risk Asymmetry: "No that's too risky" & "I don't know" are effectively the same statement. (see #Antifragile). Why? Because if I don't know whether the plane/the food/the technology is safe or not, I don't ride in it. pic.twitter.com/XSyMGkWE54
They can’t the difference between what’s IQ conditional on success vs what ‘s success conditional on IQ.
That’s exactly what he ended up losing. To the Arabs
At the request on Quillette followers I took an IQ test.  Guess my score:
Not counting Cyrus’ invasion of Babylon and the Levant: he defeated the Babylonians freed the Jews and brought them back home.
Brought our Fus7a
I block/mute people when I have no more use for them, nothing to learn from their arguments: Jordan Peterson, Impostor Molyneux, Mountebank Charles Murray, RacePromoter @clairlemon  Not Sailer, Cochran, etc.
Jm3t l madet. Ana bukra bi Atina
Good Joe
Joy Thomas is Indian. What is your problem?
Alessandro is correct. New to the Med.
Yes, stay in Achrafieh/Jemmaize, visit Batroun and Byblos, The Shuf mountains, Douma.
καθαρευουσα
The owners of my favorite squid ink place, Kelly's in Beirut, said they refuse to serve squid ink out of season. Other restaurants have it frozen from the winter. pic.twitter.com/wUs88OJ3Ty
I am not denying that Cochran knows  his stuff. Complex systems are... different.
Fuck, no.
Taking 3 semesters off from teaching at NYU, officially to use freed time to "study Greek-Latin-Aramaic". Will return in the Spring of 2021 with a course of informational entropy.
In Iraq the q becomes "g" btgul while Lebanese t2ul.
He also must have invented a new branch of mathematics.
This is called the Ludic Fallacy. Life is not sports.
Read the technical paper linked to it and lookup propagation of uncertainty.
Tried before, with dead end.
OK, correction?
Was getting hate tweets from Quillette clients at a rate of 1 per min, many using racial epithets to claim that @clairlemon is not into neoNazi agenda.   Slowed down to about 10/min. Next, w/@normonics, preparing a formal technical paper (complex systems) abt the IQ fraud.
Correctio: predominantly Sunni city of Tripoli.
Ha! Affaire close.
Read city of Tripoli. More complaint?
Ignoramus, I am praising them.
Meaning higher dimensional problems.
Extrrrrrremely impressed with the sophistication of these machine-learning researchers in the Sunni enclave of Tripoli, Lebanon. They know the problems with distance metrics inside out.  They are working to produce entropy maps. pic.twitter.com/l25u9k1C2v
Imbecile, diseases are low-dimensional.
No he is not very capable of getting interactions
Is @clairlemon still denying that her Quillete project is into a neo-Nazi "scientific" racism ("race realism") agenda?
More than olive oil, this feels Mediterranean pic.twitter.com/s37EIyljRm
And in Galabrez from Siculo3arabic: Gabagool, Gabish, Avangool...
The claim by @clairlemon that they aim at doubling their monthly donations is... similar to their IQ claims or denial of a sinister race-skills agenda. Are Claire Lehmann's claims a fabrication? Or financial incompetence? It doesn't pay to promote neo-Nazi agendas. pic.twitter.com/NbJor6OCXi
Hinne l 3arab ktir mush mtkhallfin!
Russian bots
I am not a stickler. So we agree on proto Arabic. Next step is easy: proto Arabic is a misnomer; it is not fus7a.
I don’t get upset with Sailer because he never poses as an arbiter of science.
My point is that nobody ever spoke Na7awe in the Levant. That is before the Nahda.
Wrong question. Morroco and Malta have areal influence from a common language some call ProtoArabic
Why do you call loan words words used@by the population before they knew what Arabic@means
Yoram my point has nothing to do with the blank slate, but the degradation of races which is a sinister agenda.
Then NY? Will be there later
Yes what words did YOUR ancestors use?
What did your ancestors say 500 years ago? 1000 y ago? Simple question if you know the answer.
I am intolerant of BS. So silencing makes life easier; if there is something dramatically significant, I will eventually hear it. Anything real to respond to, I will know.
You get caught and spend a lot on lawyers.
Min fadlak, min wen jéyin alfaz kou3 w bkhsh? Mnil marrikh?
I have Quillette's Lehmann @clairlemon on mute.  She made/will make a publicized statement denying she has "a neo-nazi racial agenda".
Will be in Athens Tuesday. You?
You can only integrate to the right of 1/Sqrt[2] Sqrt[x] pic.twitter.com/YzYFIzuZm3
Thanks! This is clearly a discretized asymmetric folded Gaussian integral (Gaussian sum means something else). pic.twitter.com/zyfAPhNFF0
And if you have doubts that @clairlemon caters to and delivers the arguments for a neo-Nazi audience, this is a sample (I got zillions today). Calling neo-Nazis neo-Nazis is accurate: It all starts with looking for a scientific basic for the degradation of *groups qua groups*. pic.twitter.com/gDljwX2LSz
Ad hominem is NEVER an intellectual violation if you also present an argument and the person doesn't get it or ignores it. But it requires an argument first, posted somewhere.
Bil inglizé kif menmayyiz bein kilmet? Context
Read the New Test in Greek. Greek of the Levant!
Genetic paternity tests are NOT tests of abilities but relatedness. They are not claiming non-Jews are clinically retarded.  So silly to conflate the two points.
1/25th
Yes
How about being called "Arab"?
This is the kind of crap I've been getting nonstop from Quilette followers. pic.twitter.com/5js8w1xroo
It is undermining the type of defensive and humanitarian "nationalism"...
I blocked this ignorant. We actually have never gotten predictive stuff in complex domains except with diseases, which are v. low-dimensional problems.
Not at all. Ignore percentages. Too many codependencies in categories.
Answer @SamuelGWalters. For all x>0. Now the left side? pic.twitter.com/repUnkL7pR
No, but Charles Murray is both of a neo-nazi eugenics agenda and very stupid. Not as much as @clairelemon, but very stupid.
I said Greek not just Orthodox because of a cluster of inherited Byzantine stuff: the architecture (the dome is Byzantine), the prayer (initial Greek prayer included prostration), etc.
Ms Lehmann, it's not from your genetic background or the heritability of any trait that I am calling you utterly incompetent, but from your limited understanding of your own subject matter and your inability to conceal your neo-Nazi agenda.  Gabish?
Nationalists, falsely accused of racism, hold "all children are equal but each under obligation to give preference to their own"  @Quilette's full neo-Nazi approach: "these people are genetically inferior; let us find the science ( and fake defense of free speech) to back it up"
Non
A nonvote for the official democrat will effectively be a half-vote for Trump. Gabish?
Greek influence on Arabs, particularly in Damascus
For those who doubt the Greek Orthodox origin of the female veil (Iranian style)... Church in Amioun. pic.twitter.com/M5LfM7mRlM
Exactly the answer I expected.
OK OK, let me rephrase. You are not voting for the official Democratic candidate, are you? That's all I wanted to know.
It is just that you don't hate him more than others. That, in some neighborhoods of New York, means closest support. But maybe not in your neighborhood in California.
Thanks!
@WolframResearch Mathematica
Yes I know I am rude by calling IQ people imbeciles (which they are). But they are classifying entire populations as idiots. People who already have enough problems.  I am going to upset the "Fake free-speech" @Quillette crowd & "Klueeeeless Claire" @clairlemon  a bit more.
Plenty of good uses under adult supervision, for Gaussian and low dimensional problems.
David Freedman was a great friend of mine. On his death bed he sent me a list of what charlatans claim. I published it in The Black Swan, 2nd ed.
You ARE the one handwaving.
Friends, any idea how to make @wolfram Mathematica data synchronous? One single missing date makes comparisons very hard. pic.twitter.com/3Zais8pSpA
No, even IQ is not measured correctly.
You are not asking a scientific question. The methodology used does not support the claims from the DATA itself. They need more rigorous (or rather less bullshit) statistical approaches before even starting to make claims.  They don't understand their own statistical claims.
I did not say no. Reread my answer.
You're a total idiot for making that statement.
Re-read my answer.
Only 1) non-complex and measurable outputs s.a. height, head shape, etc., 2) non-aggregative outputs, 3) under Gaussian distributions. Behavior too highly dimensional and nonGaussian.
I haave seen an exact Greek equivalent 8 noted for “adverse selection”. Bl NeoKn3ané “ kill shi ghalé rkhis”
Hahahaha
He was not blocked because of GMOs. He was blocked for the confusion absence of evidence of risk = evidence of absence of risk, in naturalistic domains (the fundamental asymmetry behind  #Lindy).
And of course Horace's "Plenius aequo Iaudat venalis qui vult extrudere merces" as warning for what suppliers do with bad merchandise. Had it on my desk as a trader.
"De officiis", Cicero. Plenty, particularly on duties of merchants. But the oldest is I think in Xenophon.
Done
They usually call it the exponential when one-tailed.
Coptic
Philological coincidences, 1 In French, crier is to shout, in English (primarily) to shed tears. In Lebanese, 3ayyet is to shout, in Egyptian 3ayyat is to shed tears.
Lamma 7ada bi 2llak lbet beytak, bi2akkidlak inno hayda mush baytak.
The principal benefit of Mathematica, as @financequant figured out, is that everything is precisely defined. Mathematical papers often have shortcuts or fuzzy definitions (particularly when dealing with vectors and matrices); @Wolfram Mathematica has to be exact.
My point is that there are boundaries: If your forecast is too volatile, you don't outperform a 50-50. Gabish?
WE are those who spoke Aramaic-Canaanite
We respond to Clayton's  comment on my paper in defense of "Klueless Nate" Silver. pic.twitter.com/RkLg6L31kz
Interesting. Same with sesame, both #Lindy.
How about the heart ceasing to beat? I am now convinced you are an imbecile. Sorry, one more comment and I block you.
You couldn't find anything more intelligent to say?
We went through this problem during the Maestro Bogomolny days
Limit is ½ because you need to break it into 2 parts if negative. Basically an exponential, but needs to have support in R+
It is not “translated”
F[0] is not 1
QUIZ DU JOUR: Invent a probability distribution that's neither thin nor fat tailed. [Jetlag in Northern Phoenicia] pic.twitter.com/7XMYmK1Pb1
Scale transformation. You don’t hurt yourself walking as you would in a Maserati.
Drove to Ehden from the coast. Tallied the names of villages on the way. Not only there was NOT a single village with Arab name, but there were: +Balamand (Belmont, Crusader) +Rushdebbin (Roche des Pins, Crusader) +Kousba (my mother's) (Cuspa, Roman) Stop the Arabist fraud.
Boris Johnson's position on GMOs/biotech which effectively centralize and delocalize crops (puts nature in the hands of technocorps) is opposite to his position on Brexit which effectively localist & against socioeconomic centralization (puts Britain in the hands of technocrats)!
Discussion with your father: Phoenicians (and Greeks) were not into nation states, the nation-building and geopolitical bullshit. They let others do it.
He meant idiots like the IYI as described by nntaleb
Nobody in PCA realized that one needs to scale by entropy before. This is PC1,PC2, PC3
Since Europeans have Anatolian origin, you may be clustered in one or another. Best to look at points on map. This is a world map. Your DNA will be a point somewhere. pic.twitter.com/RUQrnv2PIn
These are BS. Fughedabout % because of recursivity.  Look at distances on a geographic map. pic.twitter.com/sijg1xa92M
Imbecile, intellectual life is not about back scratching.
Correction: I meant I'd rather disagree with Andrew Gelman (whom I respect) than agree with Jordan Peterson (whom I despise).  Gabish?
Erudition?
Imbecile
You make even less sense. She is making explicit ACCUSATIONS
You make no sense. The question is why are some governments or groups racists and not others, not whether rules make or don’t make sense.
Autombil or Makana. From the Turkish, not directly from French/Italian.
Mistakes: In Lebanese, l not el; 3arabiyyé not siyyara. But good effort.
The modelization
Matters little. pick any number within that order of magnitude.
Type 1 error is too big.
CNN, the designation “congresswoman of color” is itself racist. pic.twitter.com/TREH8dRRZt
We are not talking about that type of harm. Consider commercial harm, or equivalent.
@Cyberlibris
Virtue is the difference between what you do in public and what you do in private.
Name for this naive utopianism: "Kumbaying"
I'd rather a rigorous person hate my work than a crank like it.
J2
I told Lewis "why didn't you talk to Gigerenzer for the book?" His answer: "I thought you were on the K-T side". Despicable.
Grrrreat!
Never said antifragile is another word for convex. It requires more than that, a constraint on left tail. Eric why are you engaging a dishonest crank?
Mutual info has the advantage of showing pairwise distances for Kelly betting. I do not see distances here.
You don't need mathematics to be rigorous; you can achieve formalism w/legal documents, where everything is precisely defined. Contracts & codes from Theodosius to Cambaceres→elimination of VERBALISM from documents.  I learned that w/financial term sheets. Everything is mapped.
The book my Michael Lewis smearing him.
Never try to convince cranks. Just do science.
I was with Gerd Gigerenzer on the day the book smearing him came out. He exhibited Olympian calm.
You are wasting your time, Daniel. The fellow is drowning you in MBA tawk.
Verbalism, a general definition. Does it supercede all other "fallacies" in critical thinking made in intellectual discourse? pic.twitter.com/quMrzs9kji
Let's do our own "Probability day" convention. With papers, etc.
Not mine.
You bet. He is a friend of mine. He was subjected to a smear campaign (with help from Michael Lewis). As you probably will.
How about this? pic.twitter.com/qKHQ1PnN51
Evidence, please?
You can only disagree with people who are wrong, not those who are "not even wrong".  When you engage a charlatan (as with @snowded for the above derivations) he represents your debunking his fallacies for a "disagreement".
Imbecile, I am Greek-Orthodox.  Sub-imbecile.
My great-great-great-great-great-great grandfather Abraham (Taleb) Nabbout was a governor.  [He wrote his name Abraham in French]
Too weak: they disclaim and use. This is identical to financial disclaimers: they sell you a fund based on past performance while always adding:  "Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results."
Molyneux is a charlatan of very low intelligence.
I spend part of the winters in ATL (Dec- May) can discuss over coffee if you wish.
They don't. If they did I would see a paper like mine. There isn't.
Only useful when used properly, in a symmetric domain, without subsampling, assuming Gaussian distribution, and correcting for propagation in the estimattion.
Sorry I block idiots.
Yes!
Beware, Snowden is a fraud. We agree that one cannot mathematize everything; but if a mathematical distinction was made, with proof, he needs to debunk it mathematically. If you follow Snowden, you should do physics without math and accounting without numbers.
Reread. Only 1
Thanks!
Our paper prices the fair value of puts CONDITIONAL on a near tail put,  so it is the relation ATM-Tail that it does. It shows the relative value of tails to (close to ) ATM.
Neat proof, I think from Thorp pic.twitter.com/OR2higHszO
No discounting
I do read RT. Not worse than the NYT.
Congrats! But this is cheating. You are not lifting from the floor.
BINGO: Cover and Thomas got it right! pic.twitter.com/Yiy0IuywHR
I do not totally disagree with @RaniaKhalek on Syria, but now I can see she has some weird motivations and deep incoherence.
God made mathematics so you can tell me where I am wrong; the fragility of a derivation is transparent for all to see. Formalism allows the slightest nonsense to show. Some econs/psychs produce obscure equations to hide nonsense. They get caught: you can debunk using math!
Thanks.
Ha! I blocked Charlatan Snowden.
"Popularizing"? Snowden you are a charlatan. Charlatan
Now Snowden get off my case and stop using my handle. I wrote you off when you spread a parody of SITG passing for a book review.  I am allergic to verbalism. Otherwise I block you. Gabish?
Science is not about authority, consensus, and verbalisms, but proofs and derivations.
Snowden, I said it before: you are a handwaving bullshitter. Show us some mathematical formalism if you can or shut the fuck up.
I mean people who squat who have messed up knees.
No, imbecile. Why does it make it an "Arab dialect"?
Look at the number of DLifters with messed up knees.
A little with 70% of the DL weight
I meant squatting closer to your max: when you are in the lower position.
It's there. Just a small suggestion: perhaps you should read the book before lecktschuring its author.
Nadim, dura lex sed lex. But you are discussing with a person, Ms Khalek, with very, very severe reasoning difficulties beyond the verbalism. The point is not to engage people like that, but to expose them. Gabish?
כן למה?
I never wrote that.
Shermer, who the fuck do you think you can fool?
Yes, fucking idiot, the raw phrase did not come from me. The interpretation for downside risk and this application do.
In Lebanese I grew up with  όπαλα , Oppala!  What is Obah?
Actually traders make the economy work.
No
Ms @RaniaKhalek, please go to the UN in NY and shout blames at Iran, Russia, Belarus, Mongolia, Kazakhstan, China, Turkey, Chile, Brazil, Argentina, France, Panama, Romania, Thailand, CH, HK, Malaysia, Mexico, Colombia, Liberia, Ethiopia... for discrimination against foreigners.
Twitter, @twitter, the new Twitter is horrible. Please give us back the old one.
Yes, indeed. L = l^\alpha
No.
Mathematica ->Latex  is a problem. Ca va comme ca? pic.twitter.com/xE2Xmn4QO0
Shermer-the-impostor, it is not because I am attacking your friend. It is YOU I am exposing as a charlatan. YOU. And I am accusing you of ethical violation with your journal.  Gabish?
Actually it doesn't matter as l comes out of the equation.
It all neutralizes; easier to explain "1 in" rather than p=...
Yes, but the rescaling to get a full distribution (integrates to 1) changes things.  Take the density of the Pareto distribution as a model. Thanks!
Improved (the LTCM blow up story) pic.twitter.com/l3K0ozQsu7
 pic.twitter.com/j7eASaT9Vg
The Latin animula is equally elegant:  Animula vagula, blandula...
BTW, this was explained 20 years ago in Fooled By Randomness but few got the exact point then. People are surprised to discover that the Incerto has a mathematical backbone. pic.twitter.com/hP4uVGjbeK
This is Lebanese. No rigorous reason to call it "Arabic" or "Arabic dialect".
Ha! I was doing math at the same time, this is a LaTeX symbol for equation.
Don't know.
Actually, $rawwa7$ in Lebanese means miscarriage. One day a Palestinian in NY told me "jawjati rawwa7at" (meaning "she went home") and I told him I felt sorry for her miscarriage.
A play that in North Levantine ru7 means both soul, wind, "to go", and "to do: "ra7 e3mol hal shaghlé".
There is no need to invert if one can get orthogonal factors or PC. But one needs to know how to handle the noise in large dimensional problems...
روحي و روحك يا روحي روحين بروح ان راحت روحك  يا روحي روحي بتروح
No. Love of money is harmless under scale transformation.
No, Paul. It is like memorizing mult. tables.
J., easy on this idiot, please.
Who did this? this is perfect
But mon cher,  before establising what is pseudo-science (vs science) linguistics needs to build some scientific solidity on statistical & logical grounds, something that you agree the establishment is far away from.
Anyone who does not distinguish between wealth generation via risk taking and rent-seeking will be blocked here. CEOs are rent seekers --so are B-School types. Innovators and entrepreneurs are risk-takers. Small business owners are risk-takers. We need risk takers. #Skininthegame
Why don’t you FUCKING read the paper before asking questions? That’s the ethical thing to do.
3) Solution and methodology pic.twitter.com/wmkNz6MeUR
2) SIMILAR PROBLEM: Someone tells you he saw a human  3 meter tall. What is the probability of the person being  delusional (and no such thing as a 3m human) vs the probability of the person being sane and indeed there is a 3m human. Wittgenstein's ruler, again, but in math form.
I am certain we disagree on risk parity and covariance matrices. Heavily so.
You can inverse the prior to a breakeven point.
You can inverse the prior to a breakeven point.
Done by @dzviovich, greeeeeeat job.
Stay out of math discussions or you get blocked. Have some courtesy towards people involved in a technical discussion.
Talking skin in the game: the above pricing is what I have done heuristically, not formally, all my career in option trading.   Every single person who held that "tails are expensive" have blown up (LTCM, Niederhoffer, bankers and other idiots)  We just formalized & made public.
Since 1984
Hoi polloi, rabble, rif raff, barbarian
Navari, Roma
Domari in Leb is probably from Latin (eq. to "civilized being"). Nawar is from Navari.
You want to be bocked? These are NOT peer thinkers.
Ramat =hill and it is on a hill
Marsa means port in Phoenician
But of course the map has mistakes. There were Phoenician colonies in Provence (Ramatuelle= רמת אל, possibly Marseilles ), Ionia (Miletus).  Also note the Punic settlements in the South Med all the way to Spain, a route taken by the "Arabic" language, picked up for similarity
FOr Phoenicians.
The whole point of Greek and Phoenician is city states (pre Alexander). No empire.
With the exception of Carthage, trading hubs.
Switzerland is the model. System, not identity in the naive sense.
Even in Technical Schools, administrators have degrees in "Education" hence indocrination & propaganda. These "education experts" are taking over  universities & largely responsible for the rise in costs.
Thanks
Before listening to Omar & Tlaib, consider than their parents chose to find REFUGE in the US, not another country. It's a nonrandom choice. Illegals are crossing borders in ONE direction.  I myself came to America because of its properties. Preserving them is my duty.
Blocked
Kif fiyyé 2ktbo bi Iphoné?
Pommo d'oro = תפוח זהב
Explicitly Semitic or Graeco-Roman.  Gabish?
Fermented food are Lindy.
Ma békol banadoura illa lamma tkun bil tabboulé. Kammiyét zghiré.
The entire court system is based on something called "credibility". And I don't diss my hosts by saying that I never liked them but ate their food.  Gabish?
1) Steven Pinker misrepresented his meeting with me. I merely exchanged email & trivialities. There was NO technical discussion.  So you can take with grain of salt what he says abt #epstein. Besides never diss pple who hosted you (dinner, plane). pic.twitter.com/62fOjUyZRG
Honored
Not really. It is like being anonymous.
Unless tweeting is risk-taking.
I said in Antifragile that oranges were not Lindy (as all sweet fruits).They came from Goa and were bred for sweetness by the Portuguese (hence Portokali) Rule: I don't eat what doesn't have a Greek or Ancient Semitic name.
Berd2an mnil yunéné Portokali, Laymun mnil latiné
Canaanites initially wrote in both directions, looping the text around the medium.
My 2 languages
Not the Hebrew 3ayn aleph dalet. Gabish?
You got to be 1) a trader, 2) my generation to use that war cry.
50%
These (hiring detectives and exposing the private lives of witnesses ) are not technically "crimes".
Never never compromise. Say it the way it is.
He needs to understand why his tweet was BS and harmful to truth.
I block idiots and frauds. Nothing personal.
Vous voulez que je vous bloque?
Galilee and West Bank. Not Gaza
"Arabic names?" Ignoramus, your own name Ali from עלי is a Hebrew name, not originally an Arabic one. Younes, Jonas, same.
Unlike correlation, Mutual Information scales to noise. Shows how correlation of .63 is half the information of .795! pic.twitter.com/XJjHmhk9pQ
We don't speak 'their" language
Some philology: Ehden does not come from Paradise or Gan Eden with a (ע), but from Adon (same root as Adonis). pic.twitter.com/QrlP71tZ6q
Gan Eden is with a ע,  Ehden with an aleph. Not same, relax.
One day a study of: 1) culture and genes follow food 2) food, genes and culture follow water: North Atlantic Persian Gulf, Black Sea Arabian sea Red sea (same genes/food both sides)
Food is Lebanon is East Med not "Arab" Traditional dress in Lebanon is East Med/Balkan not "Arab" Music in Lebanon is East Med not "Arab" Genetics in Leb are East Med not "Arab" Language in Leb is NOT mutually understandable w/Class "Arabic" When will this Arabist fraud stop? pic.twitter.com/GQeueGbOmv
Ehden is not from Gam Eden, but from Hdn, "peaceful" or Adon, or another Aramaic...
A settembre saro a Milano,  possiamo provare i pesi insieme
Yes better in early phases to stay tight you get strong faster without the hip movement.  I just kick the knees for higher weights.
Your tweet shows you don't get what anachronism means. It is in proportion to changes of mores, something called time.
I love my enemies. To keep entertained.
Will make a version
Why?
Hahaha. These "brains" didn't realize that IQ scores have a high sampling error?
Very little
I block idiots. Sorry, nothing personal.
@PZalloua sees little genetic connection Yemen-Ethiopia
Doesn't simplify to correlation; requires a nonlinear transformation.
Something to thicken the plot for @Safaitic: Did Semitic languages go to Ethiopia from Eurasia/the Levant?  Ethiopia is clearly a back migration, and a recent one! pic.twitter.com/VPZkLwcWan
She did a great job. I am just correcting the interpretation.
China had the same concentration during the Ming dynasty, yuuuge rise. Then...
Look at traditional Leb dress. Look at Crete, Turkey, Bulgaria, Serbia, Albania.
Another point: an artist told me she discovered what I know that our traditional clothing is... Balkan!
Bbéré7, 7add Atlanta r7t 3a mat3am ismo "The Beirut" ktir tayyeb, w ktir mrattab "upscale". Shi3a mnil da7yé/Jnub as7abo. Kill shi b2ulo "Mediterranean". Ma fi klmét "Middle East". Wala w7dé.
Block pple with Trump derangement syndrome
Separate people into 2 categories: prostitutes vs. those who do things for love, like Maestro B. did math for love. Academics are mostly prostitutes working for rank, metrics, prestige, etc. Or playing the system a la  @sapinker   --- @MarcosCarreira  helped & wrote an epilogue.
I can move it outside the memorial. Gabish?
Close to zero on the coasts.
GENETICS (PROBABILITY) DU JOUR  Points that appear equidistant in PCAs the way they are presented should not be! It you translate into Mutual information, you get a different story. A correlation of .5 is a lot closer to .4 than it is to .6 ! pic.twitter.com/XKcDeujOdR
2/ Maestro B. lived for math, in a nonacademic way. He had a hearing problem & left academia to do math. Luckily he was close to finishing the book compiling the twitter probability riddles.  The book is now finished; to be published thanks to @WolframResearch  Pict 2 w before. pic.twitter.com/VxmR5q2Dxg
A YEAR WITHOUT MAESTRO ALEXANDER B. One Saturday morning, last July when I opened Twitter to engage Maestro Alexander Bogomolny, @CutTheKnotMath, I received a DM from his son saying he was no longer with us.  Maestro had built a yuuugely motivated community around his math.
Colored pasta... not squid ink.
Never complain about your enemies. You can insult them, anger them, expose them, but never whine  about them. Push them to complain about you.
There needs to be a mechanism by which law is immune to power. You need a government for that. No different from other protection of citizens.
I blocked that yutz. The Ottomans spent 500 y in Leb, the French 21 as a military mandate. He calls it French colonialism.
It just hit me. Will post something tomorrow.
Ok, Gad
Other than @naval and Elon M I don’t know if he had real people there.
I’ve done numerous podcasts  w/@EconTalker: each one is about a specific point; you try to go as deep as possible. It’s not about the person but the narrowly defined subject matter.
Ignorant, the original term African meant Southern Mediterranean.
Although I agree with libertarians on many points, the rich (Epstein) should never have an advantage w/ JUSTICE over a poorer (or weaker) person. Epstein used $$ to hire detectives & bully his victims & the prosecutors. Hence the Acosta deal. Legally.
You have problems w/reading comprehension?
For those not getting it:  he inflicted worse than a double injury, a compound one. The girls were victims of abuse & subsequently the targets of a smear campaign.
You are not getting the point: it is about the double victimization.
The most loathsome thing abt Epstein: he had detectives probe the lives of the girls who accused him, & reveal embarrassing stories in court. Girls were too scared to testify. This may explain Acosta's deal.   @AlanDersh, as his lawyeer, you must have known about these tactics.
Imbecile, you are using the fact that universities aggregate the youth to impart a causative link. That's lecturing birds how to fly.  And of course scientific publ come from academics because that's all what they do. Circular. Imbecile.
Corporations go bankrupt.
Russ why are you answering a troll? The grammar in the books has been thoroughly scrutinized.
Closed to podcasts; except for those with @EconTalker because it can be two-way Socratic. I learned a lot from him. & his audience is v. sophisticated. If your idea doesn’t grow from the conversation it becomes downright marketing. & painful conversation. TV lasts only 3 minutes.
Mutual info works better than correlation BUT needs LLN convergence. Not the case. But one can fudge...
No
The top show is pic.twitter.com/zDSR6wtlru
Manually easy to integrate
Please, please, do not use stat packages. Do it manually!
ALL
Never heard that name before.
Nobody. Why?
Friends for 10-14 years
This is the BEST book
Yes., MI works for fat tails; correlation doesn’t
It maps to how much you can bet on Y knowing X
Try REWRI 12 on a scholarship
Kelly Criterion is entropy based Check out the bio of Ed Thorp
Data is Gaussian. It is just the representation that is fucked up.
No, except in few cases. Biologists don't get probability. But they use very complicated methods they don't understand in depth.
ENTROPY & GENETIC MAPS The distance between points needs to be scaled differently from correlation methods: covariances do not map to informational distances.  We need to redo genetic maps from scratch! @PZalloua pic.twitter.com/OIfNbG0Ka5
Imbecile, I did not retweet.
Retweets what?
Will show tomorrow
Squid ink with @auerswald pic.twitter.com/9PDx1nRAwJ
Weyn?
Laibson at a lecture explained how pple are irrational & need nudging: "this is a great investment strategy guaranteed to make money. Yet people don't invest much, they need nudge". Didn't hit him that citizens can detect that such strategy may be a sucker trap for Harvard profs.
No, because thin tails outside Reinsurance
N7na bne7ke 3odé (bl Shmél)
When someone says it's obvious without knowing the point, I mute.
No!
Yes, that applies to Gaussian not Fat Tails.
PROBABILITY DU JOUR: You can't fool entropy measures. Mutual information is nonzero for "uncorrelated" fat tails simply because they are uncorrelated but not independent! Also pulls the MI for a Student cc:@ArthurB pic.twitter.com/5Z4NImxNF0
Deutsche Bank, a summary: The Robert Rubin Trade. Banking is about hiding tail risks and the accumulation of tail exposures. Claims that it is "safe". Society pays for the blowups. pic.twitter.com/ob1e3PeeLG
Never said that abt loss functions
Never said IQ tests didn't predict *something*.   Gabish?
Je peux comprendre un nationalism provencal. Pas un nationalism francais, etant donné que la France(/Navarre ) est le territoire d'un roi pas celui d'un peuple
Will look!
2/ Epstein claims his activity is "Managing money for people with net worth > 1 bil". DUBIOUS. Family office not an easy business; very unprofitable, people underpaid: billionaires have zillions of financiers watching their money. Plus the customer base is narrow.
Limited partner, as he claims. That's like Junior Managing Director.
Gunpowder? ~ Pepper. -> trick
Fingé = trick
PHILOLOGY yawmiyyé Min wén jéyé klmét "tfingé"?  Ma 3am lé2é masdara.
All Talebs Nabbout are J2b1
Great! Like Napoleon and Einstein! No need for more testing unless you want to check on grandmother's ...
It makes it worse.
Téta Jeddo
There is NO conclusion
It is no different from any other probability.
Actually that's how we model it. Nonconstant hazard rate/ratio
3, imbecile.
Incidentally, the country IQ for Lebanon is total fraud. It was designed by a fraudulent group [see tweets]. Even proxies don't compute, since math education level is higher than Western Europe.
L nsl. Just as with Arab tribes, look at the old testament: X son of x son of x, son of x. God for for members of a tribe. Not Canaanite at all.
There was no "diversity of religious beliefs" but diversity of tribes. Pagans were diverse, monotheists were then from a tribe.
INRI was meant by the Romans to mean "a Nazarean" who claims to be Kings of the Judeans.
Everything before the "but" is meant to be ignored by the speaker; and everything after the "but" should be ignored by the listener.   Bed of Procrustes, 2nd ed.
No, u a random variable with a mean of x
IQ testing is like making cars compete in a racetrack, and use it to make claims about their ability to cross a dense forest (with unpaved roads) such as the Amazon.
Yes, schlongst
Which paper? Please provide screenshot of precise equation.
logos in Greek is actually pronounced with a hard g, like  a غ.
I see, from your answer, that in the presence of two possible origins, the Semitic one is selected by default.
Or rather  لعا
Jonas, do people say lugha in the Magreb? If so does it come from the Greek  λόγος or the Arabic لعة ?
Best test of diff entropy: I mistake one for another when in Greece/Cyprus.
Listen to it.
Jdudon... iza kéno siyyed
If you are trying to be liked by both the left and the right, you are a demagogue. If you don't mind being hated by both, you are morally upright.
Fuck, no. Try Papoulis.
Ana ma3ak. Bass hol a2rab 3anna, llgha l 2adabiyyé 3inda shwayyét asés bi lgha m7kiyyé bi fazlko fiya l sh3ara wl "mandarins".
Msh kllon. Bl 7jéz w ma3 2abéyél. Msh 3inna.
So Thanks to Maestro @ArmandDAngour we can surmise that people at the hippodrome of Tyre, Lebanon, were shouting "Eλα!" centuries before the very notion of "ya alla" and monotheism could have reached them. @Jonassibony pic.twitter.com/A5TeCJI72E
Ma 7ada min jdudak 7kyo lfs7a, la bin 2arib, w la min b3id.
LOCALISM,1 Governments come & go, bureaucrats stay. Ministries & agencies aren't run by ministers & transitory figureheads, but by a "deep local microstate" of civil servants who have been there for decades & "own" the inside. Worse: EPA was run by Monsanto, FAA by Boeing.
French words like Merci, Bonjour, Ascenseur come from... Ottoman Turkish!
Bad link
Much of the correlation is circular and noisy, You can't even integrate the variance for the same individual.
Mr Ribes your entire field is fucking "word salad" bullshit, using tools you don't even understand.
Me neither.
More details from real world (finance) applications.  Genetics data are Gaussian, making the transformation more robust. pic.twitter.com/FsiWBK28Xt
Interessant! Cela montre une chose; les maximes ne sont pas reliées a leurs origines.
Shermer, fucking fabricator, you are trying to divert from the fact that the review is about ANOTHER book, skin in the game, which was done in Skeptic AFTER I exposed you as a charlatan.  It is an ethical violation to use a journal to settle scores.  An ethical violation.
Necessarily
Trying genetic maps: they are misinterpreted. "Linear correlation" is nonlinear to information. But a trick for rescaling works when data is Gaussian. cc @ArthurB pic.twitter.com/LC9BhWVx8J
Qui dort dine.
Lei ma btktob bi lghtna?
Eddie Hall @eddiehallWSM who deadlifted >1000lbs lost weight! Apparently without too much effort. Easier to go from strong and fat to strong and fit than from skinny (or skinny fat) to fit. pic.twitter.com/llQWq2oBwg
Verbalism
 pic.twitter.com/sdkavUm0HF
I don't think it is an idea to bring wife battery into this. Jon Entine is a fraud, there is enough dirt about his smear campaigns to write it off.
Having lunch with a vegan fellow. He challenged me: produce solid research and he would change his mind. Solution: asked him to follow @Mangan150 for 40 days as well as the conversation around his posts.
The larger the corporation, the more likely it will try to screw citizens. Your local butcher, barber, grocer, and baker aren't in the business of lobbying/manipulating science. Monsanto, Weapons makers, Pharma live off coersion, manipulation of science, & propaganda #Corporatism
2) Monoculture & linguistic formalism cannot be maintained without state coersion.  2nd French Nobel in Literature was to Frederic Mistral who wrote in Provencal. The process started by Jules Ferry managed to get it extinct.  Micronationalism (Catalan, Basque) is just localism
Much worse. Islamism can be localist.
FWIW, there are tons of genetic data for modern Jordanians, West Bank Palestinians, Hijazis, North Arabians, etc. Same population, but very different from Mediterraneans: Lebanese, Western Syrians. We also have ancient populations. @PZalloua working on it Some clarity is emerging
Spyros, please stop. The fellow is a shill for industry. cc:@Monsantobuster
OK, OK, after all this procratination time to finish the work on the formalization of the #Lindy effect pic.twitter.com/XTVQNvTtws
Who the fuck are you trying to fool? pic.twitter.com/aHGIU9VEVh
M Clark, you are too stupid to realize that in some parts there is no such thing as a statute of limitations. To the contrary. It is savored very very cold. The trouble for con men is that it is tastiest decades, decades later. What an idiot.
MSD, that name rings a bell. There is a file I think about ethical violations/con men.
It would be helpful if you showed which ones and how relevant.
Typo transcribing but not in calc.
Answer with Monte Carlo to illustrate pic.twitter.com/TTVWkZ7tdA
Reduction-prone systems
Romans had weeklong festivals
A migration rate of just 1% is sufficient to alter a country within 2 generations.
It also solves problems where it is not Gaussian! And it is additive! pic.twitter.com/eUTMzRyPRr
Indeed, Andy! The distribution of correlation has the same shape when debounded, under pretty much all transformations [-1,1] -> (\-infty,\infty), since the transformations has to have a probit (concave-convex) shape. I did the same for p-values.
2) The entropy/information theory approach to correlation is mutual information, similar to Kelly criterion: How much can I bet on the value of Y knowing X? If Y certain (ρ=1), infinite. If ρ=½, tiny.  All IQ psychology is worthless.
DataScience 101  #RWRI showed how elementary but nonlinear concepts like "correlation" are poorly understood by pros.  One needs to translate ρ into information. See how  ρ= ½  is much closer to 0 than to a ρ=1. Yuuge diff betw .9 & .99 Psychologists cluelss for 50 years. 1/n pic.twitter.com/pvnCKJrIwu
Yes, basic but psychs do not propagate error from idiosyncratic variance, which is huge.
Efficiency is yuuuge. Even if you use electricity generated by fuel
Actually, it is green. Propaganda. Fossil fuel use drops with e cars.
Alternative from ιερέας
QUIZ on IQ interpretation I wish some IQ psychologist could walk away from the verbalism BS and answer it. pic.twitter.com/IOR6miRIN3
Why 1-2 months? pic.twitter.com/glrOP3Fafr
Salémték
Cura —> curate —> curé
Mnil yunéné
In Syriac.
Will look
I apologize. Techno...
Sorry. Bot.
Only one spot.
No, that they would have to admit more people as more would qualify and that the bell curve would go awry. It is invariant.
You are invited to RWRI 12
Globalization pic.twitter.com/ar0NsBX0Rg
I was fooled.
We say "yo mor Mtr" (Saint Dimitrius) or "yo mar Jiris" (Saint George). Same person, looks like.  Do you ever say "Ya Khdr?"
Remove France (except Provence), NorthWestern Spain, Northern Italy, Egypt (except Alexandria), Mespotamia south of Babylon...
Ignore the "peak". Take the most common: Phoenicians created the Med by transmitting civilization around it.
And they never say "Ya im. 3ale" to mean "let's go"?
Christians in addition to "ya alla" also say "ya 3adra", "ya mar Mtanios", or "ya mar Maroun", etc. Never to mean "let's go". In fact in the North we say much much more "yo 3adro" than "yo allo", closer to Anatolian pagans The "ya alla" origin of "yalla" probabilistically dubious
Thanks maestro!
Only 1% of people in desk professions understand their subject matter. But 99% of prostitutes understand prostitution.  #RWRI 11 (#ExpertProblem)
We also say “ya alla” but the context is different. The fact that there are two separate expressions and separate meaning... In Greece when people shout ella ella! I hear the Levantine yalla.
Do not conflate with “ya alla”
Philology du jour (more):  Yalla! in Lebanese (let's go!, come!) comes from Έλα!
Ehden from Older Semitic peace same root as hdné in Lebanese
101 BS THINGS TAUGHT TO STUDENTS, 14 That funding causes innovation. False.  Innovation brings funding.
In Urdu, Tashbeh is with a h not 7. تشبه
Tshbi7 ma3 "sh"
With shin in Leb, at least Ashrafieh (Beirut) where I grew up.
Since when does an article by some low-intellect non-science types count?
Philology du jour: The Lebanese Tshbi7 (shabba7) تشبيح comes from the Canaanite/Phoenician שבח, to praise, glorify (teshba7to moryo in Syriac= Praise the Lord). Its current meaning is "produce hot air" or "pontification with extreme exaggeration".
Very plausible. Can explain later.
Preparedness >>anticipation >>> forecasting
Can u come to REWRI? Who are you?
Lunch  #RWRI pic.twitter.com/oImidN1PCs
Karagoz = black eye, name of a Turkish fictional character during Ottoman days. Tkramé.
5th day #RWRI 11  Machine learning pic.twitter.com/I70lrsBRnM
5th day #RWRI 11  Aerospace pic.twitter.com/tokAvk3lal
East Med phililogy du jour: Fazlaké, 3am titfazlak is from the Persian , originally"trying to be a smith", smith =فلزکار
--"Do you want guns or butter?" --"Butter". Every nonshill prefers butter (or, better, olive oil). Hence Tulsi @TulsiGabbard
What a fool...
Rule 110  (by @stephen_wolfram) discussed by @financequant #RWRI pic.twitter.com/PfU4QatfPV
Everything he did was wrong and worse
Yes that ma what it says: the liar and the thruthteller carw about the truth. Not the bullshitter
#RWRI 11 is under way
Nikos, Tamar Haspel was (is) a Monsanto shill, so take the "research" with some serious serious scrutiny.
Lunch pic.twitter.com/tVG0ximuBz
#RWRI in new location, RWRI-11 pic.twitter.com/whI5DOpZxJ
Didn't you know that I block idiots?
So, far, thanks to twitter, the definition is improving. pic.twitter.com/yfK6QKuoaY
I read Kripke's WPLA and this in effect is the argument from consistency: you can't have a private language because you need to match terms across time. Non ergodic (literally)
Not verbalism
Friends, please tear apart my definition of verbalism. pic.twitter.com/zvDhPcW78X
Bil lebnéné!
If in spite of your 99.97% Mr genius-levl-IQ you are making overt logical fallacies...
The only solution is administrative subsidiarity. People get along when it comes to solving water problems. And it protects minority rules. But Lebanon has had differentiation via exodus out of Salafi areas: Rum are out of Tripoli, Christians out of Saida, etc.
FOR DISCUSSION, some definitions:  Xenophobia ⧣ racism, even if it correlates. Xenophobia has gradations from indirect (homophilia/love for your family) to direct (state borders).  Racism=considering that some races have, genetically, INFERIOR intellectual or moral attributes.
The fact that he can come up with a few disconfirmatory anecdotes ( 1 novel out of 000s by Nabokov who was not a career academic) proves @naval's point.
Not kidding, he has some influence!
He is incoherent.
I need a better CA for Schelling's geo-model than the Mathematica one I found. Do you have one?
Roche des Pins a crusader spot, but previously Roman forum, 2 Roman temples.
Rushdebbin @GeorgeJNasr
Need to finish my book first.
Not yet!
The 5 volume Incerto is here! Very heavy, you can use for exercise. pic.twitter.com/8kvZbUaMYI
Samne is fine. I had a problem in Lebanon finding fries in olive oil. Impossible.
Use 5 fingers as H-G had much much thicker skin layers. Even ancient Meds didn't run barefoot.  Check also Utzi
Not on modern hard surfaces.
Bandwidth, if you weightlift
Nothing beats sand. Using 5 fingers.
There is the water front. No excuse!
Treadmills are fake...
2) From experiene, I can't find any (nonweight bearing) exercise that makes you go all out and raises the heart rate as much as running uphill (on a mild hill). And it is exhilarating.
TOPIC FOR DISCUSSION:  Run a mile in mildly hilly terrain at least once a week, as fast as you can. Make sure you run completely out of breath on the local top of the hill. Do not run an inch more. Never slowly. Discuss.  @GuruAnaerobic @VergilDen
Yes, I avoid it. I also avoid hummus. Paranoia pays. Incidentally in Leb hummus is something for touristic restaurants.
Tahini is the only Lindy seed oil I know.
Sorry I need to change reference profession then.
The secretary problem
People with skin in the game are fundamentally localist. Empty suits in DC are not.
Firas, ignore; this Itani has the intellect and mental clarity of badly prepared hotdog. In general think tank people are losers into propaganda, people who don't have the ability to drive an Uber.
Yes, I corrected: in both cases the sentence says "even if there is correlation".
Some clarity: DEFENSE is when you defend your country at, or near, your borders. Not when you fight people several time zones away. Find another name for this "DEFENSE" spending.
אלוהים להציל את העם הכנעני!
The most developed way to be close to ancient Anatolian religion is Orthodoxy as it is today.
Social scientists use correlation not knowing what it means. Then they say they are "empirical". pic.twitter.com/eKYodnjxxq
Not really. The uncertainty reduction is much lower. pic.twitter.com/W0SdOhDpk4
What?
The y axis is log, no?
He mixed life expectancy and life span.  Life expectancy of a 80 year old is shorter than than of a 5 yo. But not EVERYONE. Some 5 yo may be sick...
Olive, coconut... fruit oils
Is he using Log for Income or wealth?
Not always
Where is this?
The best training you can offer yourself is detecting circularity. It teaches you to think not just forward in 2nd, 3rd steps, but backward in minus 1st, 2nd steps, etc. Modernity is full of circularities (education, citation rings, journalism, classifications, IQ, psychology...)
You're good... But the book is not the summary.
Nit In this context
He’s an imbecile Look at the conversation.
\sum p (1-p)^{n-1}
Hahaha...  all his claims are false.
I missed that as I stopped reading. That's not the problem with fat tails. He didn't get Fat Tails.
Yes the fellow Pallesen doesn't know what correlation means.
Was answering @/Visage_1
Please explain how IQ is not asymmetric and to what variable. Thank you.
Don’t read crap. It is sufficient.
Very few will get the philological suttleness that chumash is a Yiddified version of the Hebrew חומש,  that iis خماسي  which is pentuple rather than quintuple.
This illustrates where the Superforecaster stuff is pseudoscience. pic.twitter.com/Tvvn2KpYfp
I have lost 7bs since last RWRI
NEVER!
Most frequent comments when I run into someone:  1) Are you "working on" another book?                      No, it's all one book. All Merged. And it's not work  2) You look thinner in person than in pictures  3) You seem much, much less of an asshole than in your Twitter feed
Psychologists there are frauds. This is the type of work they do. They just show the resulting plot line. pic.twitter.com/3jqftuP116
Monsanto shill, for sure.
FORECASTING SHOULD BE IN REAL LIFE Foreword for the @spyrosmakrid M4 competition. We are now working on the M5 competition which should be the mother of all forecasting checks! pic.twitter.com/IGdS7U2iy3
In other words, if you took 2 IQ tests there will be a variation. Such variation is BIGGER than the one you'd get from the effect !  (Not counting the circularity that good test takers tend to get degrees so they get some jobs without necessarily performing better). FRAUD
No. Colored pasta here.
Hello, I do not handwave with psychologists. I publish technical documents. When these will be out, feel free to comment.
You're not supposed to notice!
Given the absence of territorial threat, this is sort of like Franco-German relations. Historical hatred but modern accommodation.
I meant the Shia turned anti-Israeli after the ayatollah formulated their policy. Now that Sunnis would never accept Shias as Muslims the thing is going away slowly. Recall Hamas fought Hezb in Syria.
The turning point in Israeli-Shiite relations was the Iranian new regime's interest in representing universal Islam. This is going away rather quickly.
It is a version of the Chernoff bound. The wiki article does not mention it.
The Incerto so far is 2000 pages long. It is the summary. I doubt there is a shorter summary of the Incerto than the Incerto.
No
Spectators are confused already.
You're the smartest man in the world for saying that.
You  assume they are... summaries?
Indo European is NOT a race. Not even close. Languages spread without genes and vice versa.
People like you are the plague. FUcking loser.
Large governments are weapon merchants: UK, US, France, Russia. Foreign "policy" is dictated by weapons manufacturers. The press (@tomfriedman ,  @BretStephensNYT) are just marketing agents, something effective under the name "democracy". Which is why we need @TulsiGabbard
Origin is 7ad Aloho which became later taw7id
7aj ba2a tasliyé 3ndkun tarjamé ya shabéb!
BS. I block bullshitters.
 pic.twitter.com/E9SW6hmxy8
Thanks to @NonMeek, an explanation of the point. pic.twitter.com/03aWOhj6kO
This is colored pasta. No stain.
No level of paranoia is high enough for Buffett. That’s hiw he got rich.
By enslaving population and selling people?
100 times better But still
2) Elsewhere, I discuss the same point within ergodicity. Worrying about homicide & terrorism is extremely rational. Same with GMOs.
Beware naive empiricism funded by @BillGates. An insult to risk and probability. pic.twitter.com/qXXIV28rUE
Throw Said's in the recycling bin.
Thanks can I add your name to the acknowledgments?
Note Mhanna as an Amazigh name @QifaNabki
See corrected maps w/commentary
It is still there...
The Arabs took locals as slaves. They use same word for "slave" ( عبد) and "subsaharan African" ... even in classical poetry!  (هجاء كافور) The pseudoliberal propaganda works well... for now. pic.twitter.com/xTJ8KbYdqH
"Assimilation" via slavery? Fucking imbecile.
(Except it misses that Ethiopia uses Amharic not Arabic)
These are bad maps
No.
This is a better map showing the severity of Arab colonialism in Africa. pic.twitter.com/nbVKcraPZj
I know map is bad; it misses Swahili. But only used it because it made the problem clear: North and East Africa colonized!
Where did Arabic come from?
What is the "official" language of Algeria?
BS.... The "Afro-Asiatic" is backfit BS. No evidence for the classification. And NO kinship to the visible eye of the speaker between Berber and Arabic.  Does it include Sudan, Somalia,  Swahili speaking areas?
Not really. A variety of dialects plus lingua franca such as Swahili. Many officially as a language.
Yes you can see that a dead person has necessarily a low IQ. This is the source of the "correlation"
Interestingly, in Arabic, a word for friend, "Khalil" is someone you drink alcohol with!
 pic.twitter.com/Smc6Gcw3BN
Compare bishops to nuns... or equivalent high class ladies.
Luxury clothes for men are Lindy; less so for women
Friends, a question.  Do verbal surveys (in the form of multiple answers) work?
Greeks are largely Anatonian; determined by timing --genes have clocks and we have ancient DNA.
You'll be back
Numbers needed to treat
Father was doctor and wrote anthropology papers
Only Roman citizens could circulate freely. So there had to be some passport
I meant you bet he is a charlatan.
Reread. The metric inequality is zero sum. Wealth is not.9
You bet
Firas, he is not getting it. Block or ignore.
Mabruk
Let us not conflate wealth and rent seeking
Nonzero sum means the 3.8 billion are pulled out of poverty by 26 people.
A terrible system is if it is zero sum. It is not.
L li khallaf ma mét
Bl lbnéné w d2a7ié mush da7ia
Bl shmél gharmash
I wrote outside of naturalistic environments. Outside finance people get it
It is way too imprecise, masked by nonlinearities.
IQ may only work as a filter when it is obvious the person has learning difficulties. In which case it is not needed.
Here is the approach showing the relatedness of Levantines with  Persans and Anatolians vs Arabs. Four Population Tests. pic.twitter.com/FmrN30BInU
You cannot shill without being eventually discovered. Thank you Monsanto papers & the U.S. legal system. pic.twitter.com/oSrhclNhuA
I use Apple products.
Removing fears of shark attacks would mess up the tail risk machinery.
My solution pic.twitter.com/CeRcgdvnsx
2) Never compare risks with fat tails to regular ones. The law of large numbers works differently. Plus ergodicity.  We survived hundreds of millions of risks thanks to paranoia. We don't need to be lectured by pseudostatisticians. @BillGates pic.twitter.com/4pQPQcGYjM
I block idiots.
QUIZ DU JOUR (Air travel recreation). Acrtually the bound is tighter. Prove it is >= 27. pic.twitter.com/jl2E5spyXY
False alert. This is colored pasta; no stain on the dish.
Yes distance on PCA cannot lead to % mix
Ma3e khabar fi 3alam byenbesto bil khabriyyé
Not aware of it
People don´τ see the time saved recharging at home
No, because some people hate Iran there
No
Phoenicians came largely from the Caucasus-Zagros-Anatolia. Same as the Greejs
NW Iranians are similar to Turks and Greeks.
And mine in J2b with highest concentration in Western Cyprus, then Crete.
just wholes
It is healthy to let the truth rise rather than keep it under the surface. As with paternity tests. The truth does’t like to be drowned.
J2a. Greek and Phoenician
Paul, block idiots
Yes. Law of large numbers.  Including founder effects haplogroups are stable for populations.
Priests were J1e. Rest, just like us.
And I am not dialoguing with you (muted) but alerting the audience to dangerously backward arguments.
You remarks betray the intellectual depth and capacity of a goldfish.
Imbecile
I thought you would get that the "Arab" designation came retroactively (people who installed the press were not Arabs); it is neither #Lindy nor rational.
Cold and humid regardless of the heat
The monks may be confused linguistically, but the views are breathtaking... Note the monastery (red roof top) on the right, hugging the slope, impenetrable, out of the reach of the Ottomans & other invaders. pic.twitter.com/4RoDhSRVGI
Surprise: entirely home farmed mushrooms, mozzarella, vegetables for a pizza joint in Byblos & Amioun.  ("Una Pizza") pic.twitter.com/sL9PecoX6P
They also have different frequencies of eating, higher standards of freshness, and a very different lyfestyle.
Yes the context of the sentence, which I think is in The Black Swan, subsequently excludes Hayek as he is the author of such statements about knowledge built into systems organically.
As parting wisdom I recommend you use a search engine before making statements of absence. In about everything in life.
They have different genetics
IF levels of lipids are ~ in 2 pop., but not *something else*, AND there are yuuge CVD differences, then the something else is necessary for CVD, perhaps in conjunction with lipids, which requires a joint probability distribution.  Precautionarily, avoid that *something else*.
Imbeciles like you make statements of absence without a google search.
The system is clearly imperfect, swings between type 1 error and type 2 (yours). Maybe it needs tightening on the other side.
Although the referees are idiots. "Syrian Berbers"? They are ignorant of history.
I have so idea.
2) The point is not whether you are right or wrong, whether a spelling is beautiful and precise or not, but whether in the real world it works or fails.
1) It is BECAUSE he is not a centralized authority that it will fail. Nonorganic needs centralization. The fact that the language is precise makes it a phonological addendum; in dictionaries: Lebanese is followed by "/ˌlɛbəˈniːz/" He shd have his spelling in parentheses.
Not quite
Answer: .87! See equation 13. pic.twitter.com/iJCJ8lULTj
SUNDAY QUIZ For a correlation number between X and Y, what is the "half point" correlation between 0 and 1, that is, the correlation for which you have half the uncertainty about X if you observed Y ( or vice-versa) compared to not having observed Y?
This is not working. Your "elegant" alphabet is unreadable. You can't impose your rules on organic systems.
Baalbeck contains these gigantic stones, 1650 tons! It dwarfs pretty much anything I've seen elsewhere in the ancient world, makes the acropolis look like a Las Vegas version. pic.twitter.com/13JJMyrsnA
Never tell Mediterraneans they are not white as it is insulting. So use "Northern European" or "bleached" skin.
And the road through Mt Lebanon cuts through walls of snow. pic.twitter.com/D8mJJ4AygF
Baalbeck, behind the temple of Dionysos with archeologist @DrWissam and @PZalloua  No Graeco-Roman ruin comes close in size. pic.twitter.com/I63lFWi6DU
Hihi issued a correction. Mistook you for another.
OK, OK, Correction:  I granted on twitter the Persian language rights because I can't transact.
OK, OK, correction.
Convent Mar Antonios Qozachia ܩܘܙܚܝܐ: Boasting the first printing press in the "Arab world" in 1610, except that the press was in... Aramaic (Syriac)! Arabists are imbeciles. (Note the red color in the books) pic.twitter.com/6yycxYzQUD
Indeed I became the citizen of a new state.
My specialty is @EconTalker. Easier, long-term interaction. PLus it's the podcast where I learn about economic theories.
Fucking imbecile the point is that the Latin alphabet is NOT foreign/colonial.
Mar7aba se3bé 3layna n2riya min barra la2anna ta7t 7ayt ("wall").
footnote: The Latin alphabet is ALSO Phoenician.
For those who celebrate, Happy Eid!
101 BS THINGS TAUGHT TO STUDENTS, 13 A correlation of 50% reduces uncertainty by 6-13% not more. Meaning psychology is a citation ring/political agenda. pic.twitter.com/D3whiWeM97
Imbecile, he is claiming Jews were not Meds.
My point is that if you are PAID to teach, you should be able to do it without notes, BUT should be prepared. The "should be able" means you should know the material in depth, not that you should dispense with notees.
For psychologists who are not blind, a correlation of 3/4 is visually much closer to 0 than to 1. That's the logic of the scaling. My metrics look at the total surface (in the square) divided by the one inside the circle (sort of). pic.twitter.com/MEQ3Pzk1oe
Hal dikotomi lughat shar2iyyé ddidd lughat gharbiyyé hiyyé "Arabist contrived bullshit".
Trying to keep it short...
You get it! And less work!
@lebaneselingui1
Nobody used the concept of Europe then. Are you a little... thick?
Greece was not considered part of Europe; before it joined the EU in the 1970s Greeks would say "traveling to Europe" to actually go to Western Europe.
People starting to write Lebanese in Lebanon... pic.twitter.com/YEo7WqOovh
Ana b2amioun
Wén?
Sorry I was harsh. You are right!
I know, sorry for being harsh, but I meant you can deal the death blow to these pseudo-stats papers at a much much more elementary level! The problem I discuss is not about the tails, but the correlation itself; significance is not there.
more like .15
RESCALING CORRELATION to its own informational importance pic.twitter.com/1tuHKCKah3
DeGaulle was ignorant of history, culture, genetic, etc.
These are the two ways you should interpret correlation. The third method, entropy based mutual information gives similar results. pic.twitter.com/9C4Ps3uh4h
101 BS THINGS TAUGHT TO STUDENTS, 12 "Europe" is not a real continent (at best the daughter of a Phoenician king). Its definition is political, now affected by a religious separation. If "Europe" were to be rationally defined, it should start in the Zagros/Caucasus. pic.twitter.com/7atZQ5zupR
 pic.twitter.com/V5pRiQNrHC
Time spent on revenge is never wasted.
Use //FullSimplify and //PowerExpand in both sequences
Yes because the Sqrt in the denominator can have the signs inverted.
Question: What is the difference between my function \phi[\rho,k] and Var[X|Y]? Yuuge differences, as \phi takes into account the fact that E[X|Y]=\rho Y (simplifying for normalized variables) which loses tractability in the tails. Both stories makes psychologists look v. bad.
Worse!
Waynak? BShekka?
It appears that you don’t understand your own results. Nothing personal: this is general in your “discipline”. Sorry, but probability is hard.
Most real sciences don't use correlation.
This is from fucking Stat 101 rederived and interpreted in the real world!
TUTORIAL:  Where we show what correlation means under VERY standard Gaussian assumptions (breaks down under fat tails). You need a correlation of .87 to reduce half the uncertainty! pic.twitter.com/YZPJlbcWD0
Indeed. However they are symmetric here given same K and \Delta
Refined the metric on the way back to Phoenica. We are interested in the range around K. How much does correlation(X,Y)  reduce your uncertainty about Y given X? pic.twitter.com/EeKeaqUa00
Never sell a quiet market
Visibly you haven't read papers in 30 years.
Ask Alicia to freeze the discount if you want it
Flaneuring doing math longhand.
Depends where you are on the generalized "S" curve pic.twitter.com/xVYxqfMUpe
Part II to come.  Flaneuring in Amsterdam with a notebook and... cannot resist doing probability. pic.twitter.com/w5RCXrS8h9
PROBABILITY DU JOUR A correlation of .5 (assuming it is rigorously obtained) carries practically NO information for the tails, cannot explain OUTPERFORMANCE.  (Or why psychologists are toooooooootal idiots). #Scienceishard pic.twitter.com/YHhWnjmvCy
Karfas is celeri in Ar. pic.twitter.com/hLfCXOZiNQ
Mon cher, from Greek, not Semitic.
Voila!
None found
The Hebrew term is retranslated from Petrosilum Crispum as they could find no biblical term!
SATURDAY PHILOLOGICAL SPECULATIONS Parsley in Greek Μαϊντανός, N.Macedonian "magdonos", Levantine ba2dunés, Kurdish "bekdenus", Turkish "maydanoz". Yet it is most prevalent in the N. Levant (taboulé). What is, if any, the Semitic correspondent? Is it Macedonian in origin?
Fraud
Mtl Santorini
Nationalism is about the indivisibility of the nation. It is similar to monotheism.
What the fuck does causality have to do with this?
What people call Moorish. Corsica though has some J2
8 (Final)- Napoleon Carrying a 4lb 870-page UK hardcover book across airports and cafés made me enjoy it better. Something @rorysutherland can understand. You don't know what you really like until you actually try it. Was not expecting to prefer the heaviest possible version! pic.twitter.com/rp9U8DRMLn
Fucking idiot, how about the weak targets of his "cognitive differences" who have already enough problems as it is without his bullshit science?
Total correlation
In progress. I have 7 papers ahead.
Nothing to do with "causation", I will block anyone who brings down the subject to that mantra. Correlation does not imply correlation.
Why almost all social scientists are clueeeeeeless about what correlation means. pic.twitter.com/zp7rLoVP1e
The Greco-Phoenician research fraternity GPRF: with @spyrosmakrid and Cypriots at the Univ. of Nicosia. pic.twitter.com/ZDs6dDGY02
After requests to have predictions of "sign" for random variables, settled w/@spyrosmakrid for tracking of buy/sell  P/L (one in real life does not buy or sell "signs" but buys something at a price, and sells at another price).   The compromise should please @mikeharrisNY
It is simply that "Europe" is not a continent, but a political statement. It has no defined borders.
(cont) Unless you ignore them, of course.
You'll end up resembling your worst enemies.
And Einstein
That was Hugo: "Napoléon le petit".
Dar B 3Ishtar? Or Bziza?
This is colored pasta
The gym at the Republic of Amioun in Northern Phoenicia. The church in the bakground (circle) is where 8 of my ancestors have been resting for 2 centuries. The rest are in another church to the right. pic.twitter.com/0osYEwzsU9
Silent Risk is Vol 2
Same as Heb, ahead = קדימה
Fixed a few typos pic.twitter.com/xHHkQDg9L7
Μηδένα προ του τέλους μακάριζε
7-Napoleon He had a strong Italian accent but then almost every provincial French person had an accent.  People in Burgundy rolled the "r"s. His biographers are using today's norms retrospectively. 8-  Napoleon III was not related to him, DNA shows. Someone cheated.
Michael we can do a P/L as a forecast: buy or sell at the price, the score is the DIFF
Depends for which function.
In the real world you need to be BAD at the sign, good at the payoff.
I am going to block you because I block idiots who pollute my feed.  Gabish?
My nightmare, SCIENTISM promoted by @clairlemon et al:  +Genes determine something <=> We know which genes +Traits are heritable <=> performance is heritable +Simple domains (running) = high dim complex domains +Mean = extrema (no minority rule) pic.twitter.com/YWDsLMTL6S
No, no, no. Becomes like what that idiot Tetlock is doing.
Ana hon lyom raye7 bukra 3ashiyyé brja3 tanén
Sa77 l nom!
6- Napoleon His central flaw: viewed the world (including socioeconomic life) as a top-down streamlined military structure.  Could not grasp selforganization and complexity.
5- Napoleon Post Russia, he was no longer Napoleon.  "Napoleon did something completely out of character. He vacillated".
Ms Lemion, please Show me the link between “traits” and “abilities”.  Also explain what do you call “correlation” in plain English, if you can.
Genetically determined abilities have nothing to do with "race"? Who are you trying to smoke?
Discussion with Spyros: why for fat tailed variables we need to use Mean Deviation NOT standard deviation, even when variance is finite. pic.twitter.com/JE8gsfnUZs
Inté bi Lebnén? min fi hon? Reje3 l tanén. @jadabdala @HsenAndil
Yes!
No... I can show this is an error, should be like 90.
Not that uncommon if you control for circularity of education/credentials.
I block idiots. Nothing personal.
Asas means foundations
Whatever CV you have
We still need a contract. I give you the regular rights (7 years) but it needs some documentation.
Done!
PL works if you increase variables...
La prochaine
Mystery? pic.twitter.com/XG2Mz7sIiK
Friends, please help w/design for the @spyrosmakrid M5 competition. 1)Choise of variables 2) (more important) WHAT to forecast. X after 5 days, 1m, Min(X), Max(X), Max(X-Y). Important for decisions to get Min & uncertainty since "never cross a river 4 feet deep on average" pic.twitter.com/dP5shVLc5D
4- Napoleon Although the author tries to avoid spoilers when progressing through the ~45 battles, there is no suspense in the book: outcome is known. If something in Paris is named after it, (Jena, Austerlitz, Rivoli, Wagram, Castiglione), Napoleon won. Otherwise, he lost.
Scholar
Please don’t tell anyone!
Squid ink; Cypriot squid ink. pic.twitter.com/nMvCx5gRz7
You did not invite your friends?
Taleb  = φιλόλογος (Philologos ) pic.twitter.com/hvpJE43tCo
Σήμερα είμαι στη Λευκωσία με τον @spyrosmakrid  για να συζητήσουμε τον διαγωνισμό M5 Competition.
In Cyprus my friend. Happy B!
If I did they would mention me
You are not getting what is nonlinear
3- My instinct tells me that most of these "correlations" used by psychologists become very weak associations if one uses more rigorous entropy methods.
Do not conflate nationalism and decentralization.  Both voters and politicians can be fooled by labels.
Legal terms are created by jurists.
Rawwe2 bélak shwayy!
Kamén
Words and languages are created by people with #Skininthegame: farmers, hunters,  traders, prostitutes, carpenters, dancers, & builders. Not by linguists, academics, scribes, bureaucrats, librarians, grammarians, & other acroparasites.  [Inspired by Borges & @bill_easterly]
I have been drinking for both of you!
Although, after a wet lunch pic.twitter.com/xXIdLKG812
They said “fake news”
Mykonos: a destination for people who have way too many trees at home AND want to go to the beach.
Mykonos: reminiscent of the Lebanese deforestation of 1917 during the Ottoman blocade. pic.twitter.com/jdAHSZ410L
NO, no no. Filtering.
Than?
Closer pic.twitter.com/x2FuTtsJZV
They were too primitive
I will be in Leb!
Ma fikon layna...
3- I do not hide that I am writing a political code. My own. No explanations, no arguments. No attempts at convincing. Take it or leave it. pic.twitter.com/4JJEw9myCX
Minorities
My impression is that the Druze call it B3aqleen, not B3a2leen.
Recall the brothers got to the Slavs first, gave them a doc in Slavonic. Even then it wasn't that easy.
Deborah, Fisher didn't have the data we got later. This is hindsight. Had he seen what we learned later I am certain he would have flipped the other way. His only problem is not getting asymmetry of effect. Very naive.
Asia Minor and Africa were the names of Roman provinces.
2- People have a hard time shedding their legal system. Napoleon lost; his code stayed, even spread to countries Napoleon never invaded! (Rather, the code of Cambaceres). Lesson: write a tight, coherent code. We are codifying the  #PrecautionaryPrinciple Make it indispensable.
THREAD 1-Christianity couldn't spread like Islam into Central Asia, Africa. It offered no law for traders. Rome (&Berytus) had the law. So Christianity stayed limited to around the Roman empire. The Savafids could not convert out w/o losing the legal system. So they adapted.
I spot fake news. Unlike Amioun, Roumié is not a republic. Non cuivis homini contigit adire Corinthum!
Only one person on the list is still alive, sort of. He has severe Alzheimer.
Depends on CV
Imbecile.
I am in Amioun, I keep calling. No answer.
Nicolas bayyo la jeddé l bét kén bi esmo.
Jeddé Nassim Tolib, Jeddé l téné Fouad Ghosn bil Koura. Fi Najib Tolib? Bayyo la jeddé.
It is Lindy to say one does not like aphorisms. She still listens to them.
Also please try the Ghosn in Cospa (Ksba)
Les villes-etats
Quand on reduit les nationalités au plus petit.
OK, OK, you can come back unlimited times!
Northern Phoenicia: the best gym in the world in my ancestral village. Convinced the owners to try teaching ⁦@SS_strength⁩ ⁦cc:@CoachRippetoe⁩ pic.twitter.com/eoHuw6VezT
Presses beat deadlift. More emotionally draining. pic.twitter.com/JgkOjXDURT
It doesn't mean banning free speech, but banning nonpublic contact with elected officials and government decision makers. All discussions between paid advocates and goverment pple should be made public AND easily accessible.
Unpaid advocacy is NOT professional lobbying.
Fuck, no
In the light of the Monsanto scandal(s), should we ban paid professional lobbying (as a form of asymmetric tampering with democracy and governance)? Remember there are 30,000 lobbyists in Brussels.
The ordering shd be Lindy. Gabish?
Imbecile this was not addressing pple incurring physical risk. Imbecile
Conversely, in the Americas, these idiots joined Catholic churches instead of Rum ones.
I NEVER eat Mjaddro. Never. Even during lent. On my way to the Republic of Amioun.
That our high-intellect Arabist friends call "Lebanese Arabic".
Ayshu hayda ya Marcelle?
For us zankha is bad smell from putrescent food
Does zafra mean fat? Whats the root?
Isn’t zafra / mzaffar for nonvegan? We the Rum say mzaffar when it is not 2ati3 (2oti3).
Imbecile
Blocked that fraud
Friends, if anyone is interested to help with a fundraiser for @TulsiGabbard next July in Westchester county, NY, please notify here.  We need to help put her on the map before the arms merchants get to her.
Michael is figurative. It's relative.
Indeed Gibbon has quite a bit on the heated intellectual zeitgeist.  People don't get that Constantinople was an attempt to create another Alexandria.
His comment isn't so... Alexandria thrived after Caesar; it was a center of learning in the 2nd-3rd C.
Much more plausible. Nabateans didn't call themselves Nabateans
will check frei7a
This is BS
OK, supply of those things that should be rare.
Supply
I live in NY
Cavafy was
I saw that one. Junk statistics.
μισό και μισό
If you can't substantiate what precedes the "but", don't say it.
In  texbooks in Arab countries.
101 BS THINGS TAUGHT TO STUDENTS, 11 "Arab" science wasn't Arab, but Persian (Avicenna, Biruni, AlKhawarizmi (Algorithm), etc.), Syriac, Chaldean, from long traditions that preceded the Arab invasion.  They just wrote in Arabic; Newton wrote in Latin but isn't called "Italian".
My house is behind you. Will be there Wednesday.
All books have been translated.
Ktob bil-Lébnéné.
Naples has a "feel" of J3itéwé and Mar Mkhail
I have the foreign rights. Not Penguin. since i can't sell them, feel free to use for now.
When you hedge, treat the possible as likely. When you speculate, treat the likely as merely possible.
He failed... but the Maltese succeeded, and thanks to social Media, it is coming back with a vengeance.
Not that I know of
English is not compatible with the latin alphabet. Yet it works.
Why does it matter?
If you translate into it, it's a language @HsenAndil @Zzeghedrane
Nice Surprise Incerto now in 41 languages... Just signed the ARMENIAN contract. pic.twitter.com/WtKWUVLaXj
FRIDAY INTERESTING MATH RIDDLE DU JOUR pic.twitter.com/UJwlnITMaC
In principle, if you keep taxation constant, {additional tax from growth MINUS the servicing of debt} shrinks (under some additional constraint) . But there is also the yuuuuuuuge deficit
When people call you intelligent it is almost always because they agree with you. Otherwise, they would call you arrogant.
I thought so until I read Partisan, Fishcakes...
If a random variable is Pareto distributed, continuous compounding will make it log-pareto.
The problem of self employment
Meds never considered fish as real food, except rotten fish for seasoning.
So there is no point having salmon (nonpresent in Med) or stuff with Ω3 just go via negativa.
ILIAD MONTAIGNE NO NEWSPAPERS That's sufficient
So if I go for ZERO seed oil, I should be OK, no? And if I go for ZERO processed food, ZERO sugar, ZERO juices, I am even better, no? (but some bread/pasta, but no calories before lunch, for a 15-18 hours fast)  Simple heuristics make life simple.
Question: in a classical environment, no sugar (just honey) and no seed oil (perhaps sesame), how much omega-6 did we consume? What are the traditional, nonmodern sources.
Convex Payoffs
PROBABILITY FRIDAY:The Mother of all Fat Tails: the log Pareto distribution Prompted by a discussion with @financequant  It is not discussed in textbooks/web but easy to rederive. pic.twitter.com/ZyhLpTHCTC
Very limited.
Yes corrected later.
In Strabo, Arabias, the first reference I found... pic.twitter.com/xn9KA3SDka
The word "Arab" didn't quite mean Arabs at the time... For Assyrians it was Tayyoun (possibly Tyan?)... Wonder if for Romans=Nabateans, wonder for Arabia Felix. PS -Rimbaud worked in Yemen for a coffee dealer, César Tyan. Wonder if related to Joseph Tyan the Maronite patriarch.
Ready to bet on his DNA!
You need the dish to be stained.
Not real. Colored pasta!
BS
Fuck off
Typos and explained the inequality pic.twitter.com/uMIqGjehWd
Looking for really independent ones, not comparing
Fuck, no
Watson needed a job.
Scientifically speaking, nothing close.
You seem ignorant of his contributions
QUESTION This friend of mine is writing a blurb for Stephen Wolfram. Wolfram is a genius but that's the least uncommon of his attributes.  Are there other successful living scientists who are so fully independent that they do everything on their own terms?
The point is that the prey will change dynamically. Not in the IQ test.
One possible approach pic.twitter.com/R5xZTiObNY
MATH RIDDLE DU JOUR. Since my name is on it, I am obligated to solve. pic.twitter.com/EKNkppK3fO
NUDGE SINISTER: How Behavioral Economics is Dangerous Verbalism. A project that will end up putting Nudgevillain @R_Thaler in his place. Filling in the math progressively. pic.twitter.com/zhJcYOyrZj
I am working on a scientific version of my MEDIUM piece.
I have my definition, but that's not IQ's. It is broad and claims to map to "performance" in a circular way (performance = matters correlated to IQ tests)
Note that Fleishman Hillard boasts "balancing 80% of interactions on Twitter", which includes ...this feed. pic.twitter.com/aQjr7PkH4w
No. This is a statistical illusion. On that, later.
where is the criticism?
Important fact: few people could read and write; there had to be tribes of “writers” (scribes) selling services across. They wrote for one another.
Fleishman Hillard is under French government investigation in the Monsanto Roundup affair for having a "hit list" of people to discredit and smear. I was on their US list. My response to them. If you work for a lobbying firm, get out. Your job is unethical. pic.twitter.com/KqPdokNfTJ
Friends, thanks for the comments. The intro to @spyrosmakrid's M4 competition is complete. pic.twitter.com/TTDthRXCTd
If I am late for his book, it is also because I am 12 month late for mine.
Monsanto lost another case. I would love the chance to tear apart their epidemiological claims. pic.twitter.com/1Dml305mLX
Never complain about people, no matter how justified. Just drive them to complain about you.
US not France
Intro to @spyrosmakrid M4 competition pic.twitter.com/gdOzYzoCdO
...in a synagogue.
Add the thousands of dead foreigners!
101 BS THINGS TAUGHT TO STUDENTS, 10 (not 9)
He used 1/n
You can tell how Lebs arabized some aspects of a word not others. The ya2 Beyt is from Arabic.
You can tell they is a yod since Bsharré have an emphatic Boyyyt.
Not quite. We use in North Lebanon “beyt” for the house and “bt” for the family: bt Tolib vs ana bil bayt.
Sala, salon, salle
Not at the level of Wolfram. But strong.
Theodosius ma bi 3ammer illa kbir.
Anatolians, genetically, are mostly North of Beirut.
Marra wa7ad min amioun sa2al. Jéwabu: "Knissét Rum? Bzgharté?  jémé3 ma 3inna".
The main difference between "dar" and "beit" is that the former is round, as in kfr.
The father of @BoustanyMazen (Hareth, the historian) said "bét" in Punic was also "room" and that in dialectal Tunisian, was used to mean hotel room, instead of the Turkish "ouda" or "ghrfé" used in the Levant.
We'll convert you to Rum.
You can have Zgharta. I am sure we in Koura would gladly pay to move it to Jnoub.
Great! I was thinking of suggesting him.
If you need to post a screenshot to back-up your tweet (or aphorism), you've already lost the argument.
Fuck off.
Practically every Roman structure in Europe had Medieval uses. The Coliseum was at some point a fortress and housed a monastery. It was even a cemetery at some point; Medieval additions were removed to reveal the more ancient. Why doesn't she call that ISIS-style Vandalism?
We say ard2 ba3liyyé for one on sabbatical...
So it is the artifact of x>1 that makes the integral converge.
\int_ {\epsilon}^{\infty}\frac {1} {x^2}\, dx = \frac {1} {\epsilon} which goes to infinity
No, her post on Baalbeck is circulating. She is making a big deal saying razing the old structures was "colonial" etc. Haussmann did the same in Paris; it wasn't colonial.  She has a reliability problem besides that.
No, I meant aside from the typo, you are computing volume in [1,\infty),not (0,\infty) where BOTH integrals are not convergent.
Problem: lower bound is 1 not 0.
You forget Amioun. Between you and Shekka
A! Laykéto!
Shu likét?
There is no known branch of logical reasoning under which I would be "reinforcing" your point.
Elias, based on her track record, take EVERYTHING she writes with suspicion. "Islamic town" is any different from what has been cleared everywhere to get ruins?
Ρωμιός εγώ γεννήθηκα, Ρωμιός θέμα να πεθάνω
A rebirth of Hellenic identity among the North Syrian/North Lebanon "Rums" (My tribe). pic.twitter.com/HBTe3iGYxy
30000 lobbyists in Brussels?
Weapon makers used to rely on the naturally militaristic right for shilling. They got smarter and figured out it's more effective to use the so-called "center-left" such as the NYT, CNN, the despicable Thomas Friedman, and the democratic party. Why is why we NEED @TulsiGabbard !
To explain LOCALISM: On August 6, 1806, the Holy Roman Empire was abolished. Goethe noted that day that the people staying in the same inn as him were far more interested in the quarrel between their coachman and the innkeeper than in its demise. #Lindy
Read your dm
2-Napoleon wrote (dictated) 10-30 letters a day; he was maximally into micromanagement. While emperor, on the campaign before Austerlitz, he wrote to the governor of Genoa asking him to stop taking his mistress to the opera because of a prostitution record. Yet he did think big!
So did Ron Paul
Colored pasta
Please don't tell me what to do.
OK OK and I hope you include me too in your category.
3a 3ayné w rasé!
Actually, not always. #Antifragile
2/ while Mandeville, Smith, and complexity theory have shown that a good system is one that, by scale transformation, turns individual vice, biases, and quirks into collective virtue.
What socialists, academics, neocons, and other idiots share is the belief that it is the intentions, and not so much the results, that matter.
For every successful entrepreneur you hear about on TV, there are 999 failed one eating canned sardines for dinner.
7) Probabilistically risk takers earn LESS than salarypeople, particularly when you consider CEOs as nonrisktakers acroparasites.
Marx was much smarter than "Marxists".
The Marxisto-Leftophrasts IYIs have lived under the narrative that employees are weak pple exploited by employers. Now we have robots, some made by robots.  Why do they complain about the absence of exploitation?
Imbecile, I wrote an entire book on that.
Show me a negative salary, please.
7 years
For Jensen the log is outside
SV?
For entropy purposes,  0 Log[0] =0
No, I get 1/5 of salary and give away back to academia. Not a NET penny.
Colorless... @_benoux_
acro= Skinless. No SITG
4) With civil servants, what you see is what is there. With entrepreneurs, what you see is the subset of successful ones, not the entire cohort, which includes a huge majority of failures. Yet we need this risk-taking.
@geoffreydgraham @VincentGGraham
Collectivement pas dans chaque cas!
Not quite
3) The CEO of the company is not the entrepreneur w/skin in the game, but often some acroparasite actor milking the system.
A little more is needed
2) And remember that it is risk takers and the mechanism of risk-taking that pulled more than a billion people out of poverty, not the design of some NGOer, civil servant, or some other acroparasite on a steady salary. Gabish?
A short quiz in memory of Alexander Bogomolny  @SvetlanaBogom13 pic.twitter.com/L3XCdurmq5
If there were no entrepreneurs and risk takers ... (I am getting idiots commenting on salaries without thinking in higher order terms.)
ATTENTION SALARYPEOPLE Next Friday when your guaranteed monthly paycheck is deposited, take a moment of gratitude for the entrepreneurs who took the risks so you get this risk-free income. Shaming an risk-taker for losing money is like shaming a soldier for losing a limb.
Ok,OK, I will seek variety.
Great point. Inheritance is NOT about the children; it is about the parents. They should be free to do whatever they want with their money. On which taxes were paid!
How far up would it be the same root w/corruption? Or not same root at all?
Shaming an entrepreneur for losing money is like shaming a veteran for losing a hand.  The acroparasites in the press are insulting the entrepeneurs the risk takers that are paying for their daily bread!
Rmédé in Levantine means gray, like rméd, ashes from wood.
There are many areas to focus on if you are after Trump: mainly the relationship with Saudi Barbaria and the fact that he bans Iranians not Saudis from coming here when it is the Saudis who are the terrorists.  Not his losses.
How did it happen? Was he ill?
Finally arrived. More, later. @ArmandDAngour pic.twitter.com/G0FcPPBJuF
Imbecile, you don't pay taxes when you lose money.
Fuck, no.
The press is gloating over the fact that Trump lost more than a billion in 80-90s. IYIs don't get that it is what got him elected: losing money (your own, not others) makes you real, unlike some lifeless hack. Life is risk taking. (Passage from #SkininTheGame) pic.twitter.com/tdkSKiryZT
ROry @rorysutherland, where is my copy?
They spoke dialects, WROTE in whatever.
Fucking liar all tweets before were autodeleted.
This is to show @spyrosmakrid How someone's small miscalibration in probability translate into miscalibration in forecasting the corresponding deviation. Something Phil-the-Rat Tetlock @Ptetlock has been trying to hide. pic.twitter.com/TiMcN77qpk
Bench press is for idiots. Machines are for fakes or injured people. cc:@CoachRippetoe
1864
My great great great (7 gen) grandfather was governor of the semi-independent "Mount Lebanon" in 1964. I block bullshitters and those who use MENA as an "identity" rather than Med.
I am convinced that few in Lebanon "spoke" what we know as Aramaic.
Beis in Yiddish because Yiddish retained the old pronounciation "beith" with The voiceless dental non-sibilant fricative "th" as in "things" is not "z" voiced dental fricative as in "father"
In the Beirut neighborhood where @GeorgeJNasr and I grew up, It is "bét" not "bayt". Only those who speak on TV, when switching to fus7a say "bayt". In Amioun we say "bat".  Never bayt.
You lose pigmentation when you live away, at a rate of ~3% per annum.
Actually Meds are not made for the sun. We've been in the Med for only 4000 years. They age quickly in the sun.
Je suis d'accord. It is wrong to say I has "more to do with Phoe". But it is wrong to say it is a version of Arabic.
Which is where the lack of rigor shows. The distinctions are based on nonstatistical rules (stuff made on the fly) and the clustering behind language groups unclear.
Yes Aramaic was preserved in Turoyo; but the distinction on "descendance" of languages is unrigorous. The Zworfuglyf (or whatever) language family is influenced by Arabic but earlier languages as well because Arabic is not SEPARATEl; you don't "transit" with a shift.
And the fellows you are agreeing with most certainly think that what you call Arabic is fus7a.
AMZN ships (legally) the Indian edition at a fraction of the price.
Agreed. And the reason of the difference is time-indexing
Today is my 14th and last lecktshur for 2019. Back next Feb. pic.twitter.com/aTUb9ksEpu
What makes you think that these "Arabs" spoke what you call "Arabic"?
You are not getting that what is called “Arabic” is so ill-defined. “semitic” works better.
Whatif Maghrebi had Punic in it. Incidentally Words like Shemsh
No no no Someone without skin in the game imposing policies on others or deriving an income without risk.
Vous etes francais ou grec?
Sine gov employees are not parasites
كمان حلو يا سمييى كيف بيكتب بلغة جدودنا مش بلفصحه
If you let people think that you're a total a**hole, you'll never have to be one.
Let us settle "Acroparasite" for non skin in the game parasite?
Actually Acroparasite works fine. Short and same meaning.
Acrokratoparasite! Works!
Yes look above. Den may work...
2/ It is much easier for a criminal to fake being an honest person than for an honest person to fake being a criminal. Likewise it is easier for a fat-tailed distribution to fake being thin tailed than for a thin-tailed distributions to fake being fat tailed.
EXCELLENT QUESTION FROM A READER pic.twitter.com/lECfkVeABM
Dendermaparasiton
We need to add something w/ χωρίς and δέρμα to complete!
No idea
How about kratoparasite?
They need pple to survive so they can fleece them.
I owe you a copy.
Fundamentally, the word shd be about parasites without #skininthegame
Rent seeking has nothing to do with landlords; rather the opposite.
Why?
How about those in universities; parasites but not fed by the state.
No, literally a parasite. But parasitocrat is not too elegant.
The designation "oldest" isn't correct. I don't know if the "sisters" are truly 6K y. old. And there are 5000 y.o. in Gethsemane near Jerusalem. pic.twitter.com/l1HsD1YQCj
The Greeks & Romans were much, much less "white" than N. Persians in skin color. So it looks like white= Christianity used anachronistically. Not so much about skin color. And "Europe" is a similar construction: the continent needs to include Anatolia, not defined by Bosphorus
Parasitism  is the clearest @JoshHochschild. We can alter it or find synonyms. We need @_benoux_'s Hellenicism.
In English I like "rent-extractor". But we need Graeco-Latin
Courtiers...
2/2 Being hated by the rentseeker is equivalent to being loved by the righteous. (A confirmation (here @WGoetzmann)  I am doing something right.) pic.twitter.com/xukzi93vi0
Too long
NAPOLEON THREAD, seen w/modern eyes. 1-Napoleon & the English talked past one another. Napoleon liked glory, administration, image, ideas, top-down nations, top-down code. The English liked commerce & wd have left him alone if he didn't heavily tax their good for pass through. pic.twitter.com/kYHE6ybzrS
Refs in book. Since new refs via @EconTalker who will respond after Shabbos.
3) Easy to deconvert someone from State worship via Martin Luther's argument that "God & clergy are different "tings"". Show them that bureaucrats-cronies-nudgeboys-virtue merchants & "State" aren't the same "ting" & "the State is among us". Keep the State distributed! #Localism pic.twitter.com/lmgVMXYQY7
RENT SEEKERS We need to make pple aware that discontent related to inequality is mainly discontent about rent seeking and rent seekers.   Prevent rent seekers from exploiting this discontent by making it look like society need more IYIs like them to solve it.  #GiletJaunes
Ask @CoachRippetoe
Arwe you sure the above corresponds to the below? pic.twitter.com/Drgodd1GUP
We actually say we can't say insurance because of regulation. But it is insurance.
Or Ethiopia
The idea that the higher dimensional spheres get "smaller" makes a mess of statistical sampling. You need to sample more and more of a higher dimensional cube! pic.twitter.com/ngsvYOHP0x
Achtput von Zinzlacht
Petisso Fellini
Linked to the curse of dimensionality? pic.twitter.com/5eiD3ulZbB
Etruscans were J2 haplogroup... Related to ...
It is only a matter of adding another loop in the ML algorithm!
Marijn, the bad news is that, unlike humans, machines ...learn.  We are the ones who keep repeating mistakes.
Their language not their genes/culture/food/
...but sa7tein is in Levantine not Klassical Arabik!
Pay off !
Not quite: the comparison is self employed driver forced to be fit vs the employee of a large firm. Whether uber, black can, red cab etc. is not relevant.
Also cycling is just positive exercise, an imbalance that destroys your back (I got relief from back pain when I stopped cycling) . You need to walk up then down (or squat), not just up.
I used to cycle a lot. I stopped abruptly. I remember a few close calls. Even bike paths aren't safe (other cyclists) Walking is much more soothing.
Great news: @spyrosmakrid's M4 competition replicates real life by evaluating Abs[forecast-out of sample realization], not probabilities in {0,1}. Replicates accuracy in getting real life payoffs. Will revise as there is verbalistic "forecasting" (a la @Ptetlock) and M4 price.
I checked his pubs. Practically all datamining with a purpose. And of course he doesn't know what correlation means.
Must be solved on @WolframResearch pic.twitter.com/V9O3fHNWy2
Fuck, yes. Do you have a problem with that?
The ability to read the Economist is the reason some people get poor.  "The ability to digest milk may explain how Europe got rich"... The Economist pic.twitter.com/PAOn52rRHi
Non-sunnis also say Hmor.
Wrong question. The fact that a word is SIMILAR in another language, say language 2, increases the probability of adoption. So the contribution of language 2 is minor, perhaps the change in pronunciation. cc:@Safaitic
MISSPECIFYING HAYEK: Prediction markets are not commercial markets. pic.twitter.com/Fq6Ns2psbO
Presenting the paper in 5 min at the NY quant seminar and need a  new title... pic.twitter.com/orR4nq8YgO
?
psychologists (110%)
Chairs were for thrones only (Ancient Egypt)
Few remember that book...
Some...
Did you read the paper? You get blocked here for saying, or mostly, spreading stupidities.
Syrian refugees at ~ 25% of the pop. in Lebanon.  Syria is now SAFE. But the US State Dept's Satterfield opposes their repatriation as "it would legitimize Assad". IYI Satterfield shd take some in his house. Shd Lebanese pay the price for HIS bone w/Assad?  #SkinintheGame #Ethics pic.twitter.com/mwlramce34
This is a footnote in the paper.
{0,1}
Which title is better? A +One Does Not Eat Forecasts B +Where are the Great Forecasters' Yachts?
E na3am
انا هلللء عمفككر اكتب بل تنين، الحرف الفننيئى لعربى و لحرف  الفننيئى للاتينى! غييرت رءيى
In Europe what counts as language: pic.twitter.com/26uodtf3mg
c. Byzantines.
No, the Byzantines. Arabic has another name "Yunani" for Greek (mostly language) from Semitic Yawan, Ionian.
Sura 30:2 writes "ghulibu al rum", "Rum" meaning Byzantine (from Roman).
Not true about Arabic. Before the fabrication-laden "Nahda" it was the language of WRITERS not speakers (no less than Persians who wrote in Arabic). And ironically our GENES and CULTURE are closest to Turks, Kurds, Greeks and Northern Persians. So if one needs to talk KULTCHUR...
Hi, sorry I've never read it.
Yes, my point that hanan = same thing as reflexive
Can also means in Aramaic "imploring God"
How about Ovad ia?
JFK.
Not "hanan" i.e. lover of G-d?
Christmas trees = 2 or 3 strikes cc:@spyrosmakrid
Now is the right time! Alithos anesti my friend!
Also should be lambda =1 for thin tails.
THE GOOD NEWS OF MACHINE LEARNING: How we can replace the verbalistic "prediction" (or, worse "belief") with a more rigorous payoff function and how ReLu or call options can express ALL nonlinear payoffs (universal approximation theorem) pic.twitter.com/Pw6PkVVP3F
Shouldn't it be 20% to be ergodic?
Theodosius, Ehden is not from the garden of Eden, which is gam 3eden (with a ע).
Weyn?
Εδενοχωρητης OR Εδεμοχωρητης? 3a tighlat ya Theodosius
Ah ya Theodosius!
You need to correct them.
SECOND DISCLAIMER: The victim was arrested at 16, beheaded at 21.
Lebanon is NOT in the Middle East, rather the East Med.
MISINFORMED?
And Saudi Barbaria beheaded a total of 37 people, one of whom was crucified.
IMBECILE: the same information would be conveyed by a drawing. The story is the same: beheading 37 people of whom one is a boy. IMBECILE.
Thanks! For next year
DISCLAIMER: It appears that the picture comes from a different execution (perhaps ISIS, another Wahabi group).  But Saudi Barbaria effectively executed a 16 y.o. Shiite by beheading.
Ordered!
Χριστός ἀνέστη!
Some have serious reading comprehension. The point is not that Obama did nothing scandalous. The point is that he was NOT caught or the media did not make a big deal.  (Sorry, but I block idiots to avoid degrading the discussion. Nothing personal).
Imbecile, nobody is saying he did nothing scandalous. My point is that he was not caught. Imbecile.
Sorry but I block idiots. Nothing personal.
Just realized. No squid ink. The pasta is colored.
A book is summarizable degree n when the 2nd, 3rd,..., up the nth reading reveal things you did not get at the first reading.  (A book is summarizable degree 0 when the first reading reveals nothing you didn't get by not reading.)
Adonis wrote that? great,
"Middle Eastern" is ill-defined a term. Use East Med, Anatolian Triangle =Zagros-Anatolian-East Med, etc. These include all East meds, Georgians and Iranians. Different from other cultures called "Middle East".
Try this. Max X^n / Sum X^n up to point t. pic.twitter.com/YeDik83tlY
Fat Tais = you get different results in subsamples, meaning no convergence. Let me find graphs in book.
You need commerce.
Take sub-samples and check the maxima. If not even, then it is fat tailed.
My wrist is forcing me to detrain until it heals... At least 2 m total
I answered yesterday...
Musar. Where is this?
Nick my friend, you are 24h  early. We can't say that on Μεγάλη Παρασκευή  a day of lamentations.
Ha!
I mean the historical meaning of "Syria"
I would settle for Smaller Syria. Never Raqqa, almost never Aleppo, etc. And never never the South-East.
We are going back to fictional nationalism. "Nations" are modern inventions with contrived narratives, so anachronistic to use Medieval sources. Cities + regions around them  are robust. Cities have kept SAME names for millennia.
I would trust a lot more the Syriac sources than Arabic ones to figure out what the natives called something, not those using Arabic as lingua Franca, a language not spoken.
Whenever you have duals or plurals (Mitzraim => the 2 Egypts) or Balkans, means vague area. Bled Eshshem is plural. Like "the Americas".
No, again, false derivation; it was vague *because from outside and probably Arabic invador's name to their territories, & does not map to what was called "Syria". Further it is so vague that even Damascus was called "Shem" in Lebanese --never heard "Dimash2" except on the radio.
False analogy. "North" is a direction, necessarily vague, a designation (mostly) by people who are not in it.
"Sham" also means "North" in Semitic so can't read too much into this.
OK, OK, reading it now. But don't tell anybody.
An individual is a robust designator (similar to Krike's "rigid designator"). He/she can change groups at a whim. BTW after my profile in the @NewYorker I've refrained from reading a single sentence in it.
But Damascus and Aleppo have always meant the same thing. More of a rigid designator. Welcome to localism (cc:@normonics --for file for arguments)
One of the points of localism (cc:@normonics) is that the larger the area, the harder to define a "nationality", which is why nationalism is absurd and highly constructed. A city (say Aleppo) DOES NOT have to be part of an exclusive region.
I would say however that the name "Syria" was historically that of the region of Antioch: "Syria" doesn't map to "Bled l Shem" which doesn't map to "Sirion" (Biblical) which doesn't map to "Aram".
People from Latakia are most certainly more Phoenician than anyone in Lebanon.
Joe, you are conflating Syria and Baathism, Canaanite Syria with Eatern Syria, etc.
Sorry Camille for the overreaction of my  compatriots fom coastal coastal Central Phoenicia. They are still bitter from the civil war days.
You can say it is Western European if you go back owing to the large mixing in the Neolithic. But better use Western Eurasia as Europe is not a continent for genetics purposes.
Lebanese have <7% Haplogroup of the crusaders but ~19% light eyes. So even without the recessive gene argument, Crusades cannot explain eye colors. It had to be native and regional.
My story is: Anatolia-Zagros-Caucasus Triangle => spread to Med in Bronze age.   So all East Meds + Southern Italy much more related than to outsiders. And Lebanese closest to Kurds, Greeks, Georgians & Northern Iranians.
Yes, do you have the name of the book?
You don't see much of the snow from Beirut itself, you need to be >½  mile away from the Phoenician coast.
(cont) pic.twitter.com/id9nVTVQm9
Renamed the paper: "One Cannot Eat Forecasts". New version. pic.twitter.com/BLRxp3Wzsv
I know the place...
Me too!
Do you want to be blocked?
Asdak raw3a
 pic.twitter.com/DBgx5pJCdZ
I do philology in the Am. Bukra bakkir.
3am = in the process of
Unfair! I've lost weight since.
Maybe this is an optical illusion and we are looking at the sandy desert landscape our "ancestors" faced, while shouting "Qifa nabki" at a pile of sand, or, better, reciting from "A la recherche du temps perdu".
Scientific papers should be written like car manuals. No prose, just precision.  Showing psychologists have NO IDEA about "overestimation" of tail probabilities, (technical version of my lecktshur at the great @spyrosmakrid's M4 competition). pic.twitter.com/DXUbsMTV4F
Beirut seen from the water. The Phoenician coast below Mount Lebanon. pic.twitter.com/S7YAGWqpsF
Note that making the anecdotal pass for  statistically representative is the trademark of the charlatan.
I am!
No butter!
Two more days of Orthodox lent: vegan. Antonio Spadaro does wonders with the basic ingredients. pic.twitter.com/QYs4MPD282
It remains racit hate speech to dump of a person of any background, whether imaginary or not.
For example: why we humans do NOT overestimate small probabilities as stated in most cases. pic.twitter.com/Z2ScOIajt0
Psychologists and Probability Why there is no "overestimation" of small probabilities (in most cases) and psychologists misunderstood the real distributions. PARANOIA pays! pic.twitter.com/ZyZ2eMIp2i
...and frequent meals!
15 years ago, I went into psychology trying to figure out how humans misunderstand probability. All I figured out is how psychologists don’t understand probability.
Please remove me from discussions with Scott Adams.  Except for those related to cartoons.
More precise & accurate representation of the mistake; fixed typos. pic.twitter.com/Z2lqshFo3y
Cleaner @ptetlock's (Phil the rat) mistake. [more precise] Science is hard Risk is hard. pic.twitter.com/Z3VYClErdD
Exact Distribution of different types of payoffs & their conflation in the verbalistic psychology literature. [ref to my bone with @Ptetlock and the forecasting gurus who live on a salary (nonprofit)] pic.twitter.com/7LH5Xz9VWi
Markers of aging: 1- You stop learning something new 2- You talk too much about aging 3- The things you forget aren't the things you should be forgetting
Why I call @Ptetlock a rat. He SIGNED on this paper then renegged & stabbed me in the back WITHOUT even contacting me (to get forecasting contracts). pic.twitter.com/qxnjM8yKVT
Glad you equate rationality to Dutch book. The Only robust definition!
Yes I rarely call someone an imbecile who is not an imbecile.
The birth of the tragedy.
Mikaelsn is an imbecile. Talking about expected payoffs.
He is an imbecile. Talking about expected payoffs.
I am Christian. I live 11 miles from Salafis. I have skin in the game. And I tell you in past 10y Shiites paid a horrible price. Same during Ottoman era.
Not what I am saying. These things work ONLY for large deviations not smaller ones. The smaller the deviation the less relevant the phenotype effect. Disproportionally!
Actually... Shiites! They paid the heaviest price. Salafis have been butchering them without much outcry.
That’s another severe problem inthe sense that convergence is different
Typo: the integration is over any subset of A.
Me neither
At the center of my problem with Phil "the rat" Tetlock @Ptetlock is only a matter of...elementary calculus upon which EVERYTHING in his "forecasting" work is built. Elementary. pic.twitter.com/Dn67PIPOz4
Lamma btejé 3a NY cc @Confusezeus
Becomes less and less statistically meaningful.
Doubt it
Same result. PC3 and PC4 represent another 10%.
Mazen shft bayyak b Bayrut min jm3tén 2allé inno sittak Rum! Killkon mta33min!
Most of the variance is the x axis (the vertical axis has about 1/5 of the variance) pic.twitter.com/320qCBM7tq
Immak rum? Halla2 fhmnék!
And that’s something I saw myself in the data.
Turns put to be wrong. Caucasians are much, much closer to Han Chinese than to Subsaharans.
What people call the “dialect” of a country is often the language of the upper class in the capital. Lad2i is closer to Tripoli (Leb) than to Shami. 7alabi is closer to Mousli. But you need to compare street pple not learned ones. Etc.
Right and wrong.  Distances show 3 “groups”, perhaps even 2 (PC-1). The rest is some mixing or weak gradations.
Do you have the wrong calendar? It’s next Sunday.
Look at Notre Dame and other cathedrals. Much higher dimensionality, fewer right angles. More fractal.
Dear Prof Zeki, Prof Atiyah told me about his collaboration with you. He was proud of his foray into neuroscience.
Aelia Capitolina in the 4th?
His dishonor = stabbing a "friend" in the back.
Where I show situations (very common in real life) where you NEED to be a poor forecaster to do well in life and business, and vice versa. [Long proofs]  (with Some comments on the "scholarship" of the dishonorable Phil "the rat" Tetlock @PTetlock) pic.twitter.com/4Qhnclxlwt
Imbecilic remark. Do you know how many humans would die if we eliminated mosquitos? Any idea?
Happy Palm Sunday for those who celebrate it today.
You mean Palm Sunday?
But the main difference is that Zizek has charm and can be very funny.
Finnas la2anno 3am bi shére3 bala ma ykun féhmén
OK marra tényé:  W ma shéra3t 3alem illa ghlabto, w ma shéra3t jéhél illa ghalabné.
War is a nation-state business. Wrong way to think about thing. False thought experiment.
I always buy books in 2 copies. In case one is stolen.
No, except for rulers like the princes Abillama3
They may work but distances can be exaggerated.
Further, as it has been shown, Arabic poetry was powerful because I was almost NEVER a spoken language.
I disagree. Will find my piece that Vatican 2 killed Catholicism... Holy languages (Hebrew, Arabic, and to a lesser extent Greek and church Latin) = mysteries.
Cc:@spyrosmakrid
#Lindy
Istéz
Has to be the name of a province.
Arbitrage boundary pic.twitter.com/dsJGLqqxaE
Just bought a place in ATL. Vinings has no school  tax >62
ENTROPY DU JOUR The information content of your tweet is a (very) nonlinear function of the probability a subject NOT being discussed, or the language used not being bland & common. Same for conversation. Same for everything. Especially business. pic.twitter.com/2dYRqWnbJk
101 BS THINGS TAUGHT TO STUDENTS, 5 They don't tell you that you are more likely + to learn a foreign language in a bar than in a classroom + to learn mathematics while trading than doing homework + that schoolteachers are a great model of what not to become when you grow up
I am surprised it is taking so long before someone finds in Hugo's novel Notre Dame de Paris (The Hunchback of ND) a sentence that vaguely predicts yesterday's fire.
Imbecile, he is discussing "friends". You don't voice disagreement with friends in their absence before contacting them. Imbecile.
With the owners of the squid ink place in Beirut (one of whom was a classmate).  The best so far this season! pic.twitter.com/Phf0NRRn1K
101 BS THINGS TAUGHT TO STUDENTS, 4  That debt helps growth & "innovation" (promoted by bankers) + Neither the Industrial Revolution (Brittain) nor the technological one (Silicon Valley) were financed by debt. + Debt is for wars, crony capitalism, bailing out friendly companies.
It is hard to define "Turkish" because by the time they got to Anatolia, they got a lot of gene flow from the Central Caucasus which is the same as the earlier Anatolian one... Everyone is Anatolian, which makes it quite confusing.
Actually @geoffreydgraham
Wrong link. This is Neoplatonism.
No
Idiot, nobody is saying he is or he is not a fraud. The point is to not pathologize bounded local failure/trying.
In general, when people selfstyle themselves "entrepreneur", "polymath", or something of the sort, they're not. Real entrepreneurs calls themselves "restaurant chain CEO", "Ski equipment manufacturer", "kidney imaging importer"...
Blocked.
Can you give me a few months? I am resting from earlier interviews.
?
That would be a more valid approach.
Never pathologize (bounded) failure. Pathologize the refusal to try.
Those of mummies
Alf
1) Academia is suicidal. In order to discredit me "Phil the rat" @Ptetlock ("repeatedly stab a friend in the back Phil tetlock") spreads a linkbait written by a phantom "mathematician", which he didn't read (he didn't realize there is NO fat tails in the discussion). pic.twitter.com/jLLQi7FkH0
The point is that people who f***ck with you online don't dare to do so offline.
I need to thank you Predrag for the wonderful hospitality... Trying to find a way.
There is no"al" in Lebanese. cc:@HsenAndil @Decafquest
Why is it that people are surprised to NOT find an ogre when they run into me offline? pic.twitter.com/9f6uTUXJ0d
Note the transcription “l” not “al” cc@safaitic
Weyn l video? Min Whistler?
In3izélé is a racist term used for non dhimmis in the modern sense.
In3izélé is anti-localist fascist concept.
L comes off the equation.
Block that idiot please Mike.
Typos pic.twitter.com/5KkDwNJPDS
Thanks yes I fughot to delete 1+l
Imbecile
MATHEMATICAL FINANCE DU JOUR A robust method for tail option pricing. pic.twitter.com/5LqIcg6Lth
I block idiots. Sorry, nothing personal.
Actually not integer but something perhaps irrational
Please define my “field”.
Hahahahahaha!
And in Lucky Luke (a French cartoon), Averell Dalton is the most stupid. pic.twitter.com/zlzFUvpkj8
The typo is above with the integrands, 2nd line.
Typo pic.twitter.com/9wv47TkMGS
INVERSE QUIZ DU JOUR Is there a mistake of exposition? Or it is my derivation that is wrong. pic.twitter.com/FmoTKLq7NI
Doesn't cointegration require time series?
@lebaneselingui1 @oldlevantine
Is it public who did?
Which tweet?
Tetlock is dumb. And he doesn't know the rule to never stab someone close in the back.
That's the pathology of the GBM/Lognormal: for all \epsilon small but not 0, there is a probability of falling and being stuck below. pic.twitter.com/CMPVpVVG5w
You tweet too much to us. Neanderthals were largely present in the Levant.
This is put together poorly. "Middle Eastern" is not a good cluster.
These are Meds from North Egypt. Alexandria was Med.
Entirely Levantines
Not quite.
Look at PCA. Linear combination
And actually  a GBM goes to 0 with probabilities approaching 1 as time goes to infinity. The lognormal is a pathology.
Using the technical definition for a Markov chain = ergodic if no absorbing states.
Absence of ruin reqyires ergodicity. Not the other way
Closer to Asians mixed wuth Caucasians
For what?
Black meant North. Karadeniz. Try something else.
Ancient Egypt had NO subsaharan. came recently over 4000 years now 20%
The Ancient Egyptians represented females as light skinned, males as dark. Simply, sun exposure. [Met in NY] In 19tn C. Damascus, women were never exposed to the sun, with shielded inner gardens. To "stay white and avoid aging" ("la tdalla bayda w ma tja33éd") pic.twitter.com/UDrBPgbXr8
13) The National IQ/Skills regression. This charlatan, the researcher @GarettJones wants us to believe in *race=intelligence* but is not intelligent enough to hide from us the data points. You can draw a line of any slope into this. (cc:@EconTalker) pic.twitter.com/JuB9pl9wp1
Je bloque les imbéciles.
12) My latest details in the busting of "correlation" IQ-something. I noted that when I saw the graphs book by mountebank @CharlesMurray IQ is uninformative under nonlinearity. pic.twitter.com/VbeyCPbyTG
Caucasian.
On PCA derived from the 3
And if you need to refer to race, use the 3 ROBUST geographical designations: Caucasian (i.e. Western Eurasian), Subsaharan, East Asian, (not more than 4).  "White" is indicative of purity, not race.
The first time we used "ergodic" in connection with the Precautionary Principle was in an unpublished paper with Aaron Brown in 2013. Before we knew of @ole_b_peters. But we didn't formulate the math then. Earlier, presented in Fooled by Randomness. cc:@yaneerbaryam @normonics pic.twitter.com/cnBjxX8T04
I wrote that Quantum = Law of Large Numbers functioning as we reach the limit for Gaussian sums. One of the RARE situations.  Gabish?
By "Nordicist" I mean Northern European supremacists.
UK. In US classification is "Caucasian" = Western Eurasian, includes North Africans.
Caucasian is more indicative and less offensive.
The next buyer of Uber will replicate the technology for pennies and get the 20-25% they charge drivers. So investors are just subsidizing our rides for now. Just like airlines and carmakers.
11) David Becker is the source of the study: quite alarming handwaving with clueless statistics. In later papers they use "proxies" to obtain IQ.  The author of the article is @JamesPsychol James Thompson, a nonacademic psychologic with SINISTER obsessions. pic.twitter.com/Nu9w5Kj0Zr
This is good news: people learning to take ergodicity into account for dynamics !!! pic.twitter.com/MP5G4138Iv
You are always invited! But please let us know ahead of time.
It should always work
The Syriac is Pawlos & there was a Dawid Bar Pawlos in the 8-9 C. Boulos might be a recent Arabization, indicating people used the "p", no?
Only if without replacement
Paulos/Pavlos ->Boulos in names so I wonder what "Paul" was. When did it enter? It had to be older. Shawul?
Multiple sources
Psychiatrist. And my friend.
10) One can raise IQ points by 2 STF just by training, so it can't be genetic.  PS- I've been getting 1000s of such messages since I've posted the IQ piece by Nordist supremacist trolls. Incidentally, my "co-ethnics" score high on the test. pic.twitter.com/o6VWleKybQ
Actually, they got together and agreed on a lot of things.
LOCALISM One person to a life partner:”I deal w/ mundane matters: where to live, what to eat, where to educate the children, etc. You focus on centrally important ones: geopolitical relations, tensions w/Russia, future of technology...”  Let the State do the *important* things...
Meds are White. White != Northern European
9)  I am gently asking @zerohedge to retract that piece. Now.
2) ALL of these studies fail to account for cultural aspects of testing. 3) Main researcher @GarettJones doesn't know what NOISE means. 4) Similar previous "research" did same for Irish, Southern Slavs, etc. who have now caught w/rest 5) A few data points can flip IQ/Performance!
Psychology CREATES suffering!
Can you generate a Multivariate Normal dist and try?
What are the parameters of the beta distribution?
You probably did something wrong. Let me replicate analytically. Please provide parameters.
Hahaha
Today, they made Jullian Assange a martyr.
Study something old but not visibly useful (classics), something modern and useful (accounting, coding), never something new and not visibly useful.
Lalzghar! Hinné lmsta2bal!
La regola L
Arabists use psychological defects to describe people they don't like.
Sorry, but I block idiots.
No! cc:@paulboghossian
Pray, show us the "science"
The problem with the IQ-race quacks like @StefanMolyneux is that their talking points are designed to deal w/humanities schoolteachers. So a quack with the intellect of a guacamole dip like Molyneux who can't tell a correlation from a fountain pen is a spokesman for "science". pic.twitter.com/ZT5NIzRnkZ
Done. Details to be worked out.
Libnéné manno 3arabé
Ktil bisé3éd.
Badna 7ruf jdidé
An inverse rule?
σήμερα, αλλά όχι πάρα πολύ
Sorry, nothing personal. I just tend to block idiots.
This is all NOISE. One data point changes the story.
Min wén jbton lal fonts?
Wl ra2is Ayrault?
هاهاهاهاهاهاهاهاهاها!
غير مش بللبناني.
I block idiots
Bil Aramé kif  ולי עמ נגאררב נכתב בלחרפ לאראמאי שו ביתלע מננא לשעלאי?
Greek
Anyone who finds correlation in this doesn't know what noise means.
هاللء ازا كتبنا بلحرف هيدا بيمشي امما ما بيمشي؟ كيف بنكتوب لé؟ ولo/ou?
My intermediation fee is $1 as usual.
Check CH
My formal job is scouting for @EconTalker, the most intelligent discussion podcast in America (I was there 7 times). Have you been in contact with him? Russell will be your BEST interviewer ever. An, erudite he will link it to branches of the econ literature on "moral sentiments"
I've already used some of your stuff on homophily, as  1) Convex (rather have 1 friend with intensity 1.0 than 1000 friends with distributed intensity 1/1000), 2) Necessary for survival
Excited to get the book of @NAChristakis as I am trying to go deeper into the notion of fractal (multiscale) localism & see what's wrong w/my thesis: It isn't individuals vs societies but fractal gradations, each w/specific dynamics, (contra the selfish gene philosophastering) pic.twitter.com/gbTxHrOKpu
Yes, and let's get @QifaNabki in to keep getting alternative views on absorbing identities.
You are not getting it. It shows the messed up properties of correlation (superadditive here). See Medium piece.
@PZalloua  they conflate "Middle Eastern" with East-Med. Pierre, let's tell them to change the cluster.
Hi Jordan, you are right. But all one has to show that a mentally handicaped person is bad at everything but a skilled person isn't domain general to establish an asymmetry, hence a bias in the correlation.
Joe pls block that idiot.
Squid ink pic.twitter.com/eD1X3qQMU6
I blocked this anonymous liar. I am publishing in ALL the fields where I take positions. Includes genetics.
Correct. The only "biases" that are real would be the #Lindy ones, present in your grandma's vocabulary.
Dear @NautilusMag you are in severe violation of journalistic ethics (and competence) in the piece "Nassim Taleb’s Case Against Nate Silver Is Bad Math" . You should check with a non-phantom professional before publishing something as elementarily erroneous. pic.twitter.com/oQej2yIG4D
Not a coincidence, in my opinion.
This has been proven by theorem. Ignore this imbecile.
I agree. Christianity (except for extreme Protestantism) is recycled paganism, unlike the other two Abrahamic creeds.
Yes but Christianity came from monotheism, no?
Not a function of an average, but an average of convex functions
The asymmetry comes from the fact that someone very very incompetent will be incompetent at everything. Someone competent at something may be domain specific. That raises correlation IQ-performance between .12 and .4
No
Clayton's is not addressing any substance my paper. Gabish?
I finally blocked Nate Silver.
Did you read my paper, Mr Caroll to decide whether he knows anything about it?
I never said anything "rude" about her or her research. Edw Said, not her.
No, because I despise Edward Said type BS vending and she is an activist.
No, cher ami.
Medicine and Risks, a comment invited  by @spyrosmakrid pic.twitter.com/VJRvfup5aS
Silver, you’re a quack. Do not engage me, just broadcast to your followers. 3 million or 3 billion doesn’t make a diff.  I write formal papers.
Yes. The now-cast came later and is BS.
No. The generalization is here. pic.twitter.com/0kfd4boW1o
More general case, the proportion pic.twitter.com/K1rT6KBmpy
No
Not with every statistical measure.
The point of adding dead people to your sample is to show the effect of the asymmetry: 1) it you hit someone on the head w/a hammer, he will be bad at everything (hence correlation), 2) there is no reverse equivalent. So IQ effects come from borderline clinical people.  GAbish?
Cleaned up on the plane home between twitter arguments. pic.twitter.com/ROQpNofqyU
Exactly, if you hit someone on the head with a hammer, he will fail all measures. There is no reverse of that.
Some analytics on the ride home from #LibertyCon19: IQ #RacePeddlersIgnorantofProbabilitySuchAsTheQuackPeterson don't get the effect of the equivalent of adding dead people to your sample. pic.twitter.com/vWIq5rCPQn
No, my point Joe is that at the micro level in a localist framework nobody acts with geopolitical concerns; things are built organically. Geopolitics is what you do for entertainment.
All that is instructive, you will see it will take us to a definition of how systems behave at the cellular level, etc. Everything flows from the automata.
@normonics can you explain to him that bottom up is not so?
The mean
No
Not additive!
There is an easier way.
Bingo!
Antifragile
For AF it is transparent they save 8 cents per passenger!
No, that’s the problem
QUIZ If you include 20% dead people in IQ tests, what will the minimum correlation IQ/performance be if the rest is random? #nonlinearity
Delta’s olive oil is olive oil. Air France’s is 65% seed oil. When you hire “managers” w/o the filtering of SITG, they cut corners (Boeing, Air France, paper quality for publishers) and save pennies. But the manager improved “profitability”. Like short tail options for a tick. pic.twitter.com/zPtnR1gSJD
My emphasis in in the categorization. Semitic dialects are much further apart yet there is the insistence on making them a language.
Something central: not wanting to share a state with “Arabs” doesn’t conflict with one’s admiration for their poetry, etc.
Are you intimating that a probabilist is not qualified to discuss linguistics? Yes/No Because I’d have some news for the qualifications of pple in humanities and verbalistic disciplines in matters of science.
83
Still maybe too large a unit
It all depends on subsidiarity.
Imbecile, IQ and races have different dimensionality.
1) I learned from @Safaitic that written languages were just a tool of the intelligentsia. 2) I am a statistician. Linguistics belongs to information theory/Machine learning, not unrigorous 1845-style classifications.
Linguistics have nothing to do w/localism & it is NOT exactly self determination. Localism=fractally decreasing role on top Pple shd be linguistically free The US & CAD speak same language; CH, BEL >1. +linguistics that you have been fed w/are unscientific. Languages are organic.
Elias, you still think too much in terms of 1930 Sorbonne w/universalism, nation-states, identities, (re)unifications, etc., to appreciate the idea of bottom up and the trouble with 1820s-1998 modernity.
I thought you got it. Fractal localism. Means you cannot force neighborhoods to not secede/reincorporate as a municipality nor can you force citizens to stay in it.
Then using your argument why not merge Mediterraneans in the same state?  There is more of a shared background, makes more sense. The Levant spent ~1000 years in Helle-Byzntium plus ~500 w Ottomans. More logical. CH has 4 languages.
Didn't realize he held such ideas. Libertarians are non-interventionists, Ron Paul style.  Will investigate. #LibertyCon19
I will respeftfully decline to answer (self-evident). But I would like to comment to a philologist that Amioun Faw2a is not ~ because it is above, but because of Mar Faw2a (St Phocas), the abandoned church where we have 12 Century frescoes. pic.twitter.com/mebVeUUaO3
#localism
There is NO Arab world except for some analytically challenged intellectshuals.  The world is going into fragmentation: Balkans, Yugoslavia, EU, now New York State. They are about to change textbooks.
“United”? Only under fractal localism,  you can have the Republic of Alepp engage in economic union with the Republics of Koura, Btroun and Khosroe van.
It requires some habit.
It’s a fraud
Chad, actually he is even more stupid than you think. Conditional on having high IQ, how likely are you to be a good programmer?
You can't fucking visit Saudi Arabia if you are Lebanese. What kind of "zone" is this?
Not open
Not Milanese.
East Meds (includes S. Italians, many Balkans) originate from the Anatolia-Zagros-Georgia triangle. Our "identity", shd we ever have one, is closest to everything Ottoman. By far.
Interestingly, Poles, Croats, Slovenians, & Slovaks think they are part of an extended Germany although their "languages" are mutually understandable w/Russian (closer than "Arabic dialects"). Pple lauged at them first, but now accept it. Languages don't make ethnicities.
Indeed, Steve Stuart-Williams is a charlatan. He knows it because he keeps posting unrigorous cherrypicked IQ propaganda. These techniques are NOT predictive. pic.twitter.com/7j70nPUiOQ
Also misspecified. There is Med and Nordics, and "Europe" is now better described as Western Eurasia ethnoculturally. Also better call North Africa "South Med". Problem is naming... Being intellectual is awareness, not partaking into arbitrary naming.
Where you?
In Machine learning you can easily fall for arbitrary “clustering”. We warn people that clustering is not a good thing for statistical classifications.
Each by its own name. They have names don’t they?
The “Arab” world is in heavy need of dismantlment. A lot of dismantlment.
Hmmm...
lettrine in Latex
Tail Option Pricing Under Fat Tails -- A deceivingly simple but yuuuuugely robust model. Where we show that the methods used to claim that "tail options are expensive" are highly unrigorous. pic.twitter.com/QMn3qdc7Tv
you mute...
Exactly. I have been debating Branko who holds DIAMETRICALLY opposed opinions because he is a scholar. Probability is technical and Silver is not a scholar. One does not debate BS vendors.
Belgrade is full of charm & a great flaneuring city. Perfect size (`1m), some parts are renovated, others look like they have been forgotten by history, which makes them mysterious, real, and at times, gripping. Food is ⅓ Ottoman, People look 3/8 Ottoman Marvelous pic.twitter.com/xzI3BXVpSx
Second from left, me in 2028
Why do you have 2 copies of the same book? One for the morning, the other for evenings?
@BrankoMilan's school windows have mesh and lattices.
Branko’s elementary school in the background. I observed that it looked like a jail. He wasn’t thrilled with my comment. pic.twitter.com/CYxRgWUWo5
Rather attributed to Imam Ali
ما جادلت عالمًا إلا غلبته, وما جادلت جاهلًا إلا غلبني
Nate Silver, rather Bullshit Nate, my paper went through 4 professional (and throrough) referees who "understood" it. I am not saying "nobody understand me", but YOU don't understand probability.   I do science, you do bullshit.
You only debate people who know their subject. So I am ready to debate someone under this condition.
No.
OK, OK. Almost Serbia.
It is a convexity argument. The upper bound is the poll, so can be 48.
Silver is too unsophisticated in probability to get the argument.
J2b haplogroup epicenter is Serbia. pic.twitter.com/BeADCT4mN2
Bullshit Nate, my argument has nothing to do with backtesting.
How Silver thinks he can bullshit us. pic.twitter.com/DJcAj9vKRL
From experience, mathematicians don’t do well unless they are in applied branches
I block idiots
The central point is that (multivariate) Gaussian distributions are NOT the norm. Outside textbooks.
Imbecile, you didn't address my point.
Adriatic squid ink (risotto) pic.twitter.com/ynX3ltI0Lp
No. @BrankoMilan is on my side.
In Belgrade for flaneuring with my former ex-Ottoman (& ex-Byzantine) compatriots @BrankoMilan and @PredragBrajovic, and to debate Branko at #LibertyCon19
There is a tacit agreement to sell to libraries at a high price and let students download pirated copies. This justifies piracy.
Not really, you can download
101 BS THINGS TAUGHT TO STUDENTS, 2  Semitic & Indo European languages appear to BOTH emerge from the same area in the Caucasus-Zagros-Anatolia, owing to proximity of agricultural vocabulary & similar original pop. genetics. Current linguistic categories are unrigorous. @Safaitic
101 BS THINGS TAUGHT TO STUDENTS, 1  That correlation is a measure of relationship betw 2 variables.  It is very rarely so. Few understand how correlation requires 1) no subsampling, 2) strict linearity... and its interpretation is nonlinear: 90% correlation >>>  80%. pic.twitter.com/9fCv0f6YXJ
You mean "my own culture" or what was imposed on them by intellectshuals Arabistas? It is NOT a bottom up but a top down coerced "identity". Not one that sprung naturally.
As a scientist I have trouble with the confusion in definitions. They are continuously ad hoc. Arab may have meant "Westerner" in ... Arabic. pic.twitter.com/pCZPMaI0l1
"Wider cultural sphere? is ill defined. If by "Arab" you mean "LEvant", here is the confusion.
Ignore genetics I only use as counter claim. So we have NOTHING in common with Arabs other than a part-time "language" under di/triglossia. Arabists did NOT travel to the Peninsula. Had NO idea about them. And I never "peddled" Phoenicianism, rather Mediterraneanism.
Genetics is the scientific approach to migration claims I was fed with in official history.  "Culture"? +Food +Dance +Lifestyle +Behavior  all Mediterranean (East), closer to coastal Turkey than Peninsula. Now even the language, whatever the origin is NOT the same.
And this is my foray into genetics showing a lack of gene flow from the Peninsula. pic.twitter.com/fWicAECU1u
Incoherence w/Arab nationalists: they claim ancestry from somewhere, then w/genetic evidence disproving it, they say it's "not about ancestry". Now there IS a coastal Levantine "Phoenician" Signature, it is real & unlike Peninsular migrations, there is 3700 y EVIDENCE. #Science
This is from cultural manipulation and minority rules. The “average” person identifies as “Joe” with a profession &hobbies, depends on the days. This “identity” BS is for intellectshuals who never studied complex dynamics.
Phoenicianism is no more a concoction than EVERY nationality.
Also Elias, fughottotellyou localism=subsidiarity for the Catholic church, and was the misapplied idea behind the EU. So very old concept. Ottoman, Roman, etc.
Damn good. pic.twitter.com/QD0rF32l7z
It is a minority rule. On that later, after squid ink in Berytus.
There are two traditions, one out of classical liberalism (in the traditional UK not US sense), the other out of early utopianism, anarcho-syndicalism...
So Asad, sorry if I was harsh. I mistook you for a statist. Perhaps the main disagreement is on a "centralized language" and state-constructed identities.
And, BTW, the only enterprise that did fail more than "secular Arabism " under a centralized state over the past century is perhaps the attempt to make a collection of pigs sing the Latin version of Te Deum in a syncronized way in a Gothic Cathedral.  But not sure.
And I see on the wiki page of @asadabukhalil that he is an anarchist. Localism is an adaptation of anarchism.
To the contrary! I love physicians.
I see a misunderstanding.  The standard acceptance of liberty is #Nocoersion; people should not be coerced by the state into a monoculture or some bucket. Localism is not "terroir" theories, rather a more intelligently branch of libertarianism --one that accept scale.
Now going to lectucshur before catching a flight to the Central Levant. And the lectuschur is on entropy/linguistics.
Niet.
Never SSNP. Trotskist then anti-Palestinian in the war.
Not the point. Point is that Arabs prodded them but did not deliver.
I went to jail.
CH way. Communities decide.
You mean they are better off today?
Google my “peace in ink and blood” medium
Not criticizing. Dismissing.
Also tell them I was part of a Trotskite cell in high school. Others were... Shiite.  (Note my allergy to nationalism has always been present).
Nationalism and socialism are the first trap for the semi-educated. Platonic ideas appeal. The "Nation" as a Platonic object. Novel "ghadt Karbla"
DM
You can ask me questions for the next 30 m
Great Please do I will come straight from the airport.
How about lunch the next day?
I have his majmu3a kémlé here read about half
We need a table for 9pple tomorrow night.
You are not to decide in what I am or am not a specialist.  And stick rigorously to arguments.
It is  NOT old Ethiopic in any specialist lit as it designates a specific area in Judea.
I block idiots. Sorry. Nothing personal.
Jethro, read The Identity of France by Graham Robb.
Reliability is necessary, but not sufficient.
Localism is about Popper Hayek complex dynamics.
Asasabukhalil You just bullshitted me with Aethiopian roots. How can I take you seriously as a scholar?
More than 85% did not speak it
Stay scholarly in linguistic claims. pic.twitter.com/egC2QKM9hQ
Let's block on the planet any language other than English.
Jahannam is not from Aethiopian but from both Hebrew and Aramaic Ge-Henom (jéhét Hanum). Try to stay reliable in a conversation on linguistic roots.
Leave language alone for now.
I hope Adaad stays in the conversation as I am willing to find a synthesis.
In other words localism = governance a la Switzerland, not top down. The rest follows.
We are in the 21st C. Anyway follow the organic bottom-up arguments.
Localism means there is NO identity other that what YOU decide to build.
There are still people who don't realize that 1) "Arab" "identity" is a 19th C. concoction from the Euro-Med movements, 2) It is not "inclusive" but segregates, 3) Is fraught w/logical incoherence, 4) Is a fundamentally fascist form of nationalism.
I want to upset Arabists.
What is *****?
Are you the owner?
No
Levantines are largely Anatolians.
These dumb fucks at @metmuseum were trying to illustrate their theories of "Middle East identity" showing a Hellenistic sarcophagus from Sidon with... Greek inscriptions on it.
2/ Since ~1100 BC Phoenicians (then "Lebanese") have been the MOST MEDITERRANEAN of pples: look at food/behavior/looks. But since 1860 some low-Intellect Westerners (Arabists & founders of AUB, etc.) have decided de-Mediterraneanize (initially de-Ottomanize) to satisfy "identity"
 pic.twitter.com/tQimRV7n5M
IDENTITY MONGERS "Art and Identity in the Ancient Middle East"  at @metmuseum: Edward Said-style identity mongers proceed to destroy the notion of cosmopolitan localism/Mediterraneanism of the Phoenicians. It shows the horrors of non-localist Nationalism. 1/n pic.twitter.com/AT4U1TW0zK
How about tea?
In principle the joint distribution shd show dependence. It is simply the measurement that is off. Will reply at length.
No such thing as a drug with no side effects #Antifragile
Tell this charlatan @primalpoly that anecdotes != data.
To become a philosopher king, start with being a king, not being a philosopher.
Same, no? MI = Cross Entropy - Entropy of each
No big deal
Same in my Straddle example. Is MI zero in your case? Thanks!
I block people with such comments. You don't have to follow.
PROBABILITY DU JOUR Just to show the vast superiority of Entropy methods such as Mutual Information over correlation, and to show how correlation breaks down under nonlinearity,  consider high Mutual information but "zero correlation" in the case of a straddle: pic.twitter.com/U6VLXFohkF
Watto ya shbéb dawriyyé
Esperance in French = Expectation
Emerging properties
By design: there is an initial comparative demand.
Institutions tend to work at their beginning. So does centralization. Then rotting starts.
Thanks a million for this prompt response!
Convention.
Question about convention in @WolframResearch's Mathematica with the dot product vs multiplication. What is standard for X .Transpose [Y] vs X Y ? @SwedeWhite pic.twitter.com/5kUX71o2CS
My birthday gift to you.
100% of Survival is reliability. --- CNN is committing suicide.  Even its partisans, those who cheer its slant on the news, will rapidly scorn it.  #Lindy
Bil Lebnéné (transcribed)  Slem 3alik Maria, Bil grazia mimliya L mulé ma3ek Mbérek il frott té3 guf té3ék Jesu Kaddisa Maia, umma alla Tlok 3alina midimbin(?) Issa wfis-sé3a ta3 l mot té3na
Alla is god in Levantine. pic.twitter.com/SdBBB6Mcd4
Alla ydillak!
La2! Hiyyé lsoura msh mni7a!
10/10
Antonio Spadaro, friend for 8 years, squid ink Grand Maestro. pic.twitter.com/ZPsglOkP34
Antonio Spadaro of New Rochelle (and Sicily) , (very) proud of his squid ink risotto! pic.twitter.com/QBhJBSecPB
"Grumpster" ?
He is revealing conflicts of interest. It is real.
Batroun!
Fucking imbecile, I never said there were NO blacks in ROme, only nonrepresentative statistically.
WTF do you mean "spread"? It was born there.
Correct. The men in robes and Tarboush are Copts. The men in pants are Greek.
J-P58 rather
This is Egypt and they are Copts not Byzantines.
@felhagehistoire
A Historian showing the link between the French revolution & lack of skin in the game on the part of aristocrats, who owe their initial status to the fact that they need to take risk w/their lives for others.  There is something annoying in status without risk and #skininthegame pic.twitter.com/2X9ATrD6sl
Mutual information sheds light on why low correlations are meaningless. Things are now clearer and clearer. pic.twitter.com/3ioccAWOIJ
So was the language of the Romans.
BEAUTIFUL DISCOVERY Unlike correlation, Mutual Information (cross entropy) is additive. On that, later.
You mean political compartmentalization? Very shabby!
Or Greek. Or Georgian.
Voila. Wasn't Lausanne but AbdulHamit. pic.twitter.com/3t3idqvBDx
There is a bunch of Greek speaking Muslims disowned by both Greeks and Turks. Lebanon and Northern Syria took them after Lausanne.
I block idiots.
Already did. In the scientific litz
Actually, 12. Very convex to health.
These tables are unconditional. Add about 6.
Il ne sait pas ce qu'est une correlation.
Émtin réj3a?
Weyn?
Coming from you, Maestro...
If you explicitly understand what you *really* like, you have a yuuuge advantage in life.  γνῶθι σεαυτόν
Christopher, can you help us clarify? Is it 2 alternative bets? What is the loss? .
Non. Vous ne connaissez pas leur QI. Imbecile.
no
?
I block idiots. Sorry.
Enjoy!
Then your solution will be optimal from compounding.
Every bet becomes a period so you bet the max (that is, cumulative earnings) every time. The only time smaller but more frequent may matter is if there limits or option 1 bet vs many small ones.  Or maybe the problem needs to be phrased differently.
I guess this is no longer an optimization problem: you have no risk, you put the maximum. No?
The comparison is highly inadequate. Comparing complex systems with collective ruin to simpler ones.
What about him?
That's how it all started!
For Power law, it is ... worse. 2 Quadrants will have a negative correlation! pic.twitter.com/H8JTcEjNIz
In French there are 4 levels of respectability: patois  < dialect < language < French
He said "I am speaking my dialect". [my language]
Catalonia during Franco
Because your local language is not Arabic but another one. Simple evidence.
Lebanese Tmm
The path goes under the highway/bridge. (Typing with one hand)
Look how steep it was at the base (GPS of hike). If you fall into the river, you are preey much dead. pic.twitter.com/KeXvgXXrL1
@yaneerbaryam
We were talking about visas
Nothing to do with fucking age. He was below me on the slope.
My comment when we reached the less steep part: "I am full of injuries but we avoided the tail event". Better that way.
Justin saved my life as it was a literal wall and you can fall into the river. Mud, slippery, and dead trees. The STEEPEST climb I've ever done.  I think I broke something in my wrist in the fall from hugging the tree that broke.   Full of scratches/injuries. pic.twitter.com/v418fdl4Jv
No need since they mean Pearson when they say correlation.
Where?
Lawla mnil social media kenna halla2 3am nfakker inno haya 3arabé!
Yes, it has other problems.
I am not saying that. I am saying that "g" is MATHEMATICALLY, bullshit.
Mr Davidson, I block idiots.
Please explain "correlation". Now.
The first casualy of the metric is the "Sortino ratio" used in finance. pic.twitter.com/S8fOTTwW0R
"predict"? Who are you bullshitting? Some people here on Twitter know math.
Let me explain. Scott Adams bullies and insults a young scientist, Joe Norman @normonics yet didn't know what he is talking about (Joe does).  I defended Norman. I enjoy bullying bullies s.a. @ScottAdamsSays. Taste of his own medicine.
From those wondering who is the Dan from Prague, he is the one who gave me the most effective blurb ever written on the back of a book. pic.twitter.com/qtXtYWuEYG
Worse! Also explains the Berkson paradox
I got the intuition in 1 D, from variance. pic.twitter.com/rAavGRIhdT
Not heteroskedastic. a subsample of a Gaussian is still Gaussian if it is random.
No: the first Q sums up to R^2
This is a Monte Carlo code for replication to prove I am not hallucinating pic.twitter.com/G8L0JRYi4R
Look at fig 1. If I break a random sample into 4 nonrandom subsamples...
Look here: I break up a quadrant into 4 subquadrants. Correlation keeps getting lower. Reason: correlation is convex. pic.twitter.com/GgskQcsyna
Not the point. All nonrandomsamples added together have a lower aggregate correlation.
Look at fig 1. Did that.
Typos pic.twitter.com/7VpTPlGpXe
Ma fi "al" bel Lebnéné. Fi "l"
Analytical is tough, but doable. pic.twitter.com/onROjrUFM1
Yes, the smaller the unit q, the lower the correlation.
Correlation is Weird: all non random subsamples will yield a correlation below the total one. pic.twitter.com/ZBplIjnmuX
Ordered!
When it is on sale in the US?
Everything Scott Adams is doing to defend himself proves the point that one should never discuss science (and empiricism) with nonscientists.  He is trying to bully Joe Norman. Not a good idea.
Block him.
East Med 2aslé mafi rizz. Lrizz jéyé mnil Hnd wl Snd.
@SClarkeWriter
There are only tiny Arab signatures in Lebanese gene pool.
That’s mostly from inbreeding... You can say Levantines are Semitic speaking Greeks
Not likely.
@safaitic has the more organic interpretation of uses in general: This is the same as Iraqi Jews using Murad as close to Mordechai.
Not Egyptians. They changed a bit.
#Mars2019 pic.twitter.com/ShEvg2YtTP
BS chart. This is fraud.
THis has NOTHING to do with capitalism. There is no market system, prevented by institutions that feed these monster academic publishers. The fact that you need an academic publisher for your book to count as "scholarly" is the root.  We are trying to break it with a new model.
The wiki for DM is wrong. They did it for many Roman emperors.
The principle is, probabilistically, the older one is the most likely one.
Need to get DNA. Saliba = Stavro in Greek.
No. Not culturally. Not genetically. Not culinarily. We are Eastern Meds, close to Turks, Anatolians, Greeks and Georgians.
He seems to be very ignorant.
Saliba from The Metn are J2a (my mother is Ghosn Saliba moved to Koura in the 1700) hence with a Phoenician signature.
The Marada are, genetically, Armenians. They also spoke Armenian. @PZalloua has their DNA across villages in the North.
Why did he call it Lebanese "Arabic"?
Don't.
So correlation, even under nonlinearities, has a strict narrow meaning. When correlation is 80% it will be insignificant in 2 quadrants (.02), and .57 in others.  Even something taken for granted s.a. correlation is hard. pic.twitter.com/wJ3XhrWljN
Actually, Yoram, you can override Lindy for morally wrong activities.
You can see through the BS by having a single plot "IQ" vs "Age at death"  with a VERY large sample (general population) without control schmontrol and all the discussions. THEN do you do analytics.
Analytic Solution is Done. We can see Correlation is sub and superadditive pending on Quadrant. And what happens with different Quadrant Correlations. pic.twitter.com/dWhGt24LKU
Like the aspirated French "oui" in Parisian argot?
GRECO-SEMITIC PHILOLOGY DU JOUR  Where I discover that the common Levantine name"Fares" or "Phares" does not mean "horserider" but comes from  Φαρές, the Syrian-Greek transliteration of the Hebrew "Perez" or "Peretz" פרץ son of Judah.  @WalidPhares pic.twitter.com/QmjgleMQkD
Imbecile, show where I am wrong.
Cancel
La2!  Bt tshsh
We both live in the subs of NY and don’t agree
Imbecile, did you look at the graph?
Did you give them UK rights? They are incompetent.
Min l néshér? Hon w bi Britania?
Aleppo is half Northern Mesopotamian
Can I see the original? In what language?
Atlanta is NOT the south.
Michael I just blocked this idiot.
I explained that the Bronze age gene flow from Caucasia-Anatolia. Wine came with it. Phoenicians are from up North.
Speculation is what make the world go round.
For SOME items that do not conflict with Libertarianism/Localism anti Rent-Seeking.
In my manifesto I discuss a SCALE TRANSFORMATION:   A group of assholes pursuing asshole interests under the rule of law produces a virtuous society;  A group of moralizing utopianists trying to make society virtuous produce ...hell.  Adding complexity to Mandeville/Smith.
Family
I block idiots.
I despise cowards.
Imbecile, these people PAID to build in NY and generated tons of taxes in the process. And they PAY tax on that empty space.
For those into envy politics who plan on taxing the rich as sitting duck, remember the properties of power laws: between ½  & 2% of taxpayers paid  up to 50% of state taxes.  At the margin, the departure of 5-10 people can bankrupt a state!  IYIs think in statics not dynamics. pic.twitter.com/NPvJbxPXvI
I am not fully leaving NY yet, just using it as a "secondary" residence for now (I spent less than 4-5 months there anyway). Just to make sure these socialist lunatics don't surprise me with some expropriation.
Received the incredibly well made book by ⁦@drjasonfung⁩ and ⁦@drjamesdinic⁩. They use the potent designation “nonfood items”.  I wonder how many nutritional studies would still hold their conclusions if we removed “nonfoods” from the tests.  Science is hard. pic.twitter.com/toI9UiRPyT
Metlé?
Yes, can you find an error in my post? If you can’t, shut the fuck up.
I got a place in Vinings. I don’t commute.
The dress style
We can ask the semiticologists here on Twitter.
I love Athens...
You mean Greece? It's not Europe but the Med.
Did you send your CV for #RWRI?
Also Miami, while fun, looks like a buch of tall buildings in the middle of a parking lot.
NY will soon learn that only way you can enforce socialism is by closing borders and keeping people trapped inside (Cuba, Soviet bloc). People vote with their feet: a mechanism by which organic systems enforce selection.
#RWRI is NY or perhaps Miami...
Just left Miami. Basically, it is NY with some Madrid in it.
Will he there starting next fall.
And up to the Bronze age.
Maybe, but then via Phoenician. And remember Phoenicians came  largely from Georgia/Anatolia/Zagros during the Neolithic.
Ana b7bb l rétzina... bass msh ktir. Bkhlass ljém3a bi 7zayran. La sentén! Bséfér wa2ta.
The word "Wine" <- vinum <- οίνος (->vin, vino, etc.) comes from the Phoenician יין (Yayn).  Affaire closed.  #Lindy.
Also the smaller the unit, the more robust the "identity" (Fractal Localism)
Ana kamén baddé 2emro2 tari2 bnshrab ouzo (bash mush tayyéb mtl l 3ara2)
No. I am never never listed among Leb authors locally. And I am very happy aboudit.
Din rabbék yo Jad, Ash 3ammet2élla?
Nadim you are repeating Arabist bullshit. Using the same metric, there was NO identities: Greek, French, Helvetic, etc.
Clearer: Shows the quadrant-dependent nature of correlation (and its su-additivity)  EVEN in the absence of nonlinearities. pic.twitter.com/kW2EMj4spn
Ready to bet Carlos G was not on it.
I refused to be interviewed...
So Mr Bartlett you are admitting that you are unethical. And unreliable. And despicable.
It is Heskell Sassoon, the family name is Sassoon not Heskell.
If you only visit one quadrant, you see the wrong correlation. Which is what these idiotic psychologists did.
A generalization!
A simple Monte Carlo showing how correlation is NOT ADDITIVE; sums of quadrant correlations do nto match the aggregate. Analytical solution done but needs trimming. @apgox pic.twitter.com/Yea2IHssvZ
Confirmed by Monte Carlo pic.twitter.com/x3fZZoLOre
Solved. For 0 it is 0. But does not match correlation otherwise. pic.twitter.com/psLbmx46Td
My ancestor was governor when there was autonomous administration of Mount Leb in 1860 UNDER pressure from Western Powers as the Grande Porte was decaying.
Not quite because heteroskedasticity washes away, state dependent correlation doesn't. One can actually get a PCA under heteroskedasticity.
Actually It is more complicated under nonzero rho. Thanks! pic.twitter.com/moybowrBtt
Yes...fughot to adjust... will fix tomorrow.
"large"?
Yes, how about the r1 above that does the same thing you do?
 pic.twitter.com/aHnjogg15O
You mean r1?
FOOLED BY CORRELATION: even when rho=0, we see positive correlation in the double negative quadrants. Without even adding nonlinearities. Statistics is hard. pic.twitter.com/qcRQNvZb8Z
Actually, "European" is not an ethnicity. Northern Euro, Meds-Anatolians, etc. Western Eurasian is the technical term. Just use Caucasian as the only robust designation.
Hi ha7akham lomed mkol Adam
My message: It can only work with the Latin alphabet. Why? Because Arabic letters will confuse and create a Creole Leb-Arabic. In Latin it stays pure.
I block people who discuss my "tone".
Can you also fit a declining one?
Niederhoffer's understanding of mathematical statistics is at the level of a semi-rotten watermellon.
Russ @EconTalker is my friends but is more tolerant of  bullshitters. I am not that virtuous.
Don't discuss if you don't know how to look at a chart/equation. I block idiots who talk about technical points they don't understand.
IMbecile I show both look at next tweet. Imbecile.
Same story for income. Above average income there is NO correlation. A "low IQ" person as likely to get a higher income. pic.twitter.com/SlMgwgWuoc
You're an idiot. Read the piece. It shows high correlation BECAUSE of 1 quadrant.
The IQ situation even worse. Found that here is no correlation IQ- income/wealth at highers levels EVEN FOR LOW IQ.  Hence the math used for "g" fails. Psycholophasters do not seem to know what correlations mean under nonlinearity.  And, BTW @jordanbPeterson is a quack. pic.twitter.com/BCN3Z1JMYt
Also "Muslim" is not a good designator. Yuuuge difference between Shias and Sunnis --the Twelver Shias (Iranian & Lebanese Branch) being much closer to Byzantine mores.
You historically find almost no Muslims under Byzantine rule, but Byzantine Christians under Muslim rule.
I know something about it. I am Byzantine subjected to Islamic rule.
Next time... This is a flash visit.
Miami?
Get off social media and finish your paper!
Territory is #Lindy. Check dogs.
This Jack Caress seems to be an imbecile. No debate for me.
Almost All Meds come from the same place :  Neolithic core
Mr Bartlett, if you had a shadow of journalistic ethics, you would have contacted me to get MY side of the story with Pinker.
Yes see Antifragile
No, literate classes uses English.
Késak
Condolences, my friend.
Universa meeting in Miami. pic.twitter.com/642WWbYEfK
The worse isn't the tail as much as the random nature of the reported numbers.
Why "good" forecasters go bust and how the literature in psych on decision theory is at least 2000 years behind pic.twitter.com/7aj0hrqBT9
Middle East is a political designation made in the 70s. There is no MIddle East genetically.
Bad picture: The only part of Algeria that produces is on the Med
...with not the convinction that someone SPOKE then at some point in the past?
Final typos removed pic.twitter.com/06QAO55PLK
You are tawking to a journalist, Simon.
The Formal proof pic.twitter.com/FPTPhHaHN3
Applying it to the Lognormal pic.twitter.com/UsrYpcF8NX
Statistically sloppy
DUNNING-K From now on, I block anyone mentioning Dunning-Kruger in my feed. 1) It doesn't really exist (bad science by psycholophasters), 2) it doesn't really apply in most cases where mentioned.  Gabish?
Hint: as volatility rises, because the distribution is bounded to the left, the probability of exceeding any level goes to 0, with the mass a Dirac at 0. The point is that all the expectation is owed to a single low probability tail event. pic.twitter.com/0y0M1bhFDK
Same thing.
A bureaucrat is judged by other bureaucrats. That's the root of the problem.
In the past, scholars who were not financially independent were directly funded by Maecenas —rich patrons.   Today they are funded by bureaucrats. #Skininthegame
You good. Very good.
Actually not really representative if a mixture. Rather: distances
Only good for haplogrouos. What’s his?
They are in the process of removing Middle East . Which company is this?
E max is not max E
PROBABILITY QUIZ du jour pic.twitter.com/kM1CkZnNzz
I used it in another meaning
In #Antifragile: Making pilots rely on automation... pic.twitter.com/iYfy7o316r
Imbecile
Indeed someone in the Administration is heeding the practical suggestions associated with #Skininthegame.  Trump's Budget: pic.twitter.com/bctISMWwK2
Send resume to Alicia
The passage in #Antifragile pic.twitter.com/WFD1lNVmje
I meant  The LAW OF MEDIUM NUMBERS
I was waiting for the usual academic fraudster like @ben_golub to say that. If academics knew about sharing downside risk, why didn't they apply it to them?  And where is it the literature on that?
Lawla l3arabé baddo ymshé kén alla3 min zamén.  W-halla2 ma3 social media ma 3ad fi majél la2anno lss7f 3am tmut.
I run on sand never on concrete
shoes not feet here
A bit a background about my twitter fights, as lying on a hammock becomes excruciatingly boring after 4-6 min. pic.twitter.com/urd3mhHRaM
And nonlinear factors... and stochastic scoring.
Using an unreliable measure s.a. IQ on grounds that that’s “what best we got” and “science” proceeds that way” (it doesn’t) is accepting self labelled “bullshit” as scientific statements.  And this Bullshit is a technical term in philosophy: the disrespect for Truth.
No
Actually scoring on multiple choice is a sign of lack of intellectual coherence/depth
I block idiots. I am really sorry.
Visibly you didnt read my paper and dontknowwhatcorrelationmeans
“Measuring”... are you a charlatan? Charlatans fall for the best metric fallacy.  Engineer measure only what can be measures reliably.
I block idiots
And, Nicholas, people I usually go after ...not from misunderstanding of a tweet.
That you can write German with Semitic alphabets.
Not my point. My point is that IQ doesn't even measure that part of intelligence it is supposed to measure.
Repetitio est mater studiorum
I am waiting for the dust to settle on the IQ and "g" thingy to address something called the Big Five and the "factor analysis". It does make astrology look like an academic discipline.
Orthodoxy is an extension of GrecoRomanAnatolian creeds
You good, very good. Returning to RWRI 11?
Min hal 2yr? D mrabba3?
(cont) Philosophia ancilla theologiae
You fucking find them yourself. You make claims without knowing anything about my work.  I despise bullshitters.
NO, Fucking bullshitter. Read my papers. Since 1600.
Given that vaccination has been very successful, saved tons of lives, Big Pharma will try to stretch it into areas that are beyond the iatrogenic breakeven.  They are good a manipulating statistics and, once a policy is in, it stays there.
I have no problem with Paul Romer other than I prefer Mathematica.
It is not Lebanese Arabic; it is Lebanese.
L2akl Lindy; lahrb manno.
Ma kén 7ada yékol banadura. Kénét lalziné.  W ma kinna nshrab 3asir: ltefféha lma3sura mafiya fiber.
Yes but do uou know that English has some Canaanite shift? Bob = “Bab” or Osborne. Russian: spassibo/a etc. Orthography is not a big deal.  English followed what latin letters printers had...
Ma bahrab shi ma 3mro 500 sené. Shuf bi Antifragile.  #Lindy
Honor
Coincidentally I am currently at 35000 feet but reading mathematics
Yes alphabets are never precise. Explain how “eaux” becomes “o”.
There is theory about tastebuds. There is a chemical alteration triggered by altitude and too much reading in dead languagea.
N7na ldiaspora min faddél latiné. Bass l3alam juwwa bigakkro gheir shi la2annon t3awwado. Wkamén l Yiddish huwwé Ilmané maktub bil 7arf l 3brané nafsl abjadiyyé.
Masdara msh masdarha
“Sp” is Indo-European
You are now getting that Christianity is blasphemy for some sects? takfiri?
I block pple who write to me in fus7a
3am fakkér ista3mél l7arf l3arabé lal né0-kn3ané. Lésh? La2anno fina shwayy shwayy nbay3éd 3annon, mush fard ddarbé --ma3 inno l7arf l latiné a2rab 3a 7akiyna. Wma ninsa 2nno l7arf l3arabé asslo fini2é kamen!  Shu ra2ykon?
2) Orthodoxy reposes on the notion that a) G-d had to become man to suffer and have skin in the game and, more centrally for Orthodoxy,  b) Man can become G-d via a merger called theosis BECAUSE G-d had skin in the game: Αὐτὸς γὰρ ἐνηνθρώπησεν, ἵνα ἡμεῖς θεοποιηθῶμεν
You guess.
The Cosa Nostra American branch, that is.
That, I answered in Antifragile. I can send you a copy if you wish. Most research [that stuck] has been historically of the type done on the side by amateurs, hobbyists with a side job (Einstein), or rich pple. Institutional patronage != rich sponsors. The French CNRS model is OK
النقد الفعلي
You need to check if it stains. Otherwise just colored pasta.
No. I started off sympathetic to him, followed him... until I saw the Big 5 then GMOs then Syria, then...
No. Factor analysis does not work for SOME applications. Works wonders in others.
To summarize my position. If in a war I find myself fighting on the same side as a charlatan, I will collaborate. But he will still be a charlatan.
Statistical fraud. The tip of the Iceberg... pic.twitter.com/Xy1U3kgtn6
You can't tawk to psychologists pedding the 5 traits BS.
Sicily doesn't have yuuuge expats from the US South
There is a Beirut recipe for Akhtbut b7ibro.  Tabkh l'Rum!
This is what tipped me over
It requires honesty and there is something I didn't like.
Just a short meeting.
...and I regretted it. It wasn't paella at all, squid ink was dry...
The key, David, is that for Joe and I, rigor and intellectual integrity comes first; for nonresearchers, the message (or a certain message) comes first.
Joe, David is a friend of ours.
He actually contacted me several times on twitter to try to get me to interview him. And to defend his Monsanto thing after I showed him our PP page.
OK, but remains that he is charlatan.
Not here.
I showed in class (Trish was there) how the size of "cities" assuming a city is anything with pop> 10 is FRACTAL. Ignore designations hamlet - village-town etc. just look at the exponent.
David, I can understand why you like him. We would have all done so. But as @normonics point out we saw something very FAKE about the guy starting 1 year ago with his defense of Monsanto.
Tom Bartlett, in @chronicle misrepresents the story with @saPinker.  Pinker did not answer points on why he fudged Richardson's data & why his own data DO NOT backup his claim, IN 2 PEER REVIEW articles (so far), bullshitting away from a technical answer.  Statistics is hard. pic.twitter.com/2DnjVO5ITq
No.... not great
Squid ink paella in, of all places, Ralleigh-Durham. pic.twitter.com/DQK1DcwZeB
Fractal is confusing. Multiscale is not. So Multiscale as Joe suggested.
And it has nothing to do with the video.
Skin in the game: i did it myself check #RWRI with 550 people trained and 180 scholarships!
Exccccellent! Will answer that the central attribute of localism is failure of some municipalities
Atoms interact...
Lungs are fractal
The multi lies in the fact that an individual does not have EXCLUSIVE rapport within tribe.
Mandelbrot called it self- affinity to emphasize that
Take lungs as an example
That is self similarity. Not identical but similar.
Relation betw family and town “similar” to that betw town and county
Every unit has a fractal hierarchy across themes. High D fractal
Multifractal
Texere but the name was taken by a different firm
No, no no. I never use such words as "enrich lives". Never.
Il mio agente immobiliare era italiano. --"Are there many Italians in Miami?" Ha risposto: "Too many".
"The only time he forgot about his short height was when he asked his accountant to read out his bank statement, something which he did multiple times a day." (on Ehud Laniado who just passed during vanity surgery)
Orthodoxy does it.
Certo Sto scappando.
I just blocked the idiot. Eliminates noise (here verbiage).
55
FRACTAL LOCALISM Defining complexity and selforganization before explaining socioeconomic LOCALISM pic.twitter.com/ogO0MC4Nmi
Vani's husband is a philosopher.
2) Ended up publishing with an internet startup [2000 bubble!] that gave me ½ the royalties to accept my intransigence.  Bookstores hardly carried their books. Without @Amazon you would have never heard of me.  The internet startup went predictably bust. Got the rights back.
Put me on the record as saying that it is pure bullshit.
cc: @SwedeWhite @stephen_wolfram
Ceases to work rather rapidly
My talk on grandmother elephants and the transmission of risk management in Moscow 2 days ago pic.twitter.com/QFTO6A2Pu4
Stop there. Can explain.
Deserved!
Bingo
 pic.twitter.com/RSMXMuiPf5
Region Plot to see where lhs-rhs is negative (next) pic.twitter.com/9BjW4uSRwn
Geldo
Need to prove 0 is a minimum. You get the same with traditional technique solving D[f[x,n],x]=0,D[f[x,n],n]=0 with x=1/n.
Small workout du jour Courtesy Romanian Mathematical Magazine pic.twitter.com/5FIq6HiMku
Whaaaaaaaat?
I have been Michael's student
Which may come from Levantine Risq
Intolerant is good
Businessman: "Almost half my income comes from one client. I need to markedly increase my business". Answer: "If you markedly increase your business, you will do well, but half your income will still come from one client. Another client".  #SelfSimilarity #PowerLaws
Two solutions so far, the second is more elegant. pic.twitter.com/KGL4vVyMre
It was
Why do you expect him to? He can't.
 pic.twitter.com/zy2TsepKCP
One element missing: the 1
Mathematical pushups dujour (Courtesy Romanian Mathematical Magazine) pic.twitter.com/90eOU5LQzU
I never said IQ was heritable or not heritable. I said it was NOT = intelligence and the analytics are BS. So the issue is about misuse of correlation, PCAs, etc. Gabish?
I never debate bullshitters. I expose them to others.
Hence the expression: "if you put a gun to my head..." [I would lift x lbs... ] etc.
There are necessary for the definition I am using (subset then) because of the probabilistic structure.
And read my comments on why Bayes fails with fat tails in new book.
Coming to Lecktchur tomorrow? The idea is to express things probabilistikally
Greeeeat news from Lebanon: these 5 women are the pilots for the Lebanese airline. (Though it is  misnamed M-E Airlines rather than what it should be, East-Mediterranean Airlines or, best, "Med Air"). pic.twitter.com/2ju0rsUDeG
Friends, how about this probability-driven definition of complex systems before delving into FRACTAL LOCALISM?  @yaneerbaryam @normonics pic.twitter.com/X5qyOHop70
Egypt had much Peninsular inflow from the red sea, even before the Arab invasion.  And some Yuuge historical inaccuracies in the Levant Chapter pic.twitter.com/RDRl34i1wF
The only way you can "convince" rentseekers [bankers/academicobureaucrats] is showing them that it is in their own INTERESTS to change their mind.   When against their interests, make it painful for them by 1) convincing OTHERS, 2) continuously exposing, 3) humiliating them
Fake division to justify their measure of IQ ... our point is that EVEN for mental capacity, IQ fails.
That's the #skininthegame argument.
Let me get a shipment before RWRI 11
Ian, I thought you knew that I block idiots.
I am very dumb without #SkinintheGame  Some people have an energy filter. pic.twitter.com/IqY74S9nvh
You get Batroun Mountain wines, excellent, for less than $4 per bottle.
7ada bya3réf asl llmét “tsharda2?”
L fehmén bikhabbé aktar ma bi fargé: l sa7afé binammér bma3rfto.
You can do much better.
Metsa22af btmshé bil aphorism
3rfén hon
The impact on hard scientific research by the opinions of ancient history professors is zero. As to soft science: it is not science. So they make make all the normative statements they want.
It was explaining Popper’s argument. You good
Mazel Tov
Glander?
Write to me. MY address is at NYU.
"studied"? He is not a scientist by any yardstick.
Avtokorrekt
Gardner is sub-clueless.
John, come on, I buy food and real drinks!
“Imperceptibly, time introduces and establishes abuses in the best institutions.”  Necker. Which justifies an expiration time for institutions. pic.twitter.com/eLNPaBGMsu
Hi, you can easily return it for reimbursment
Yes, overreacting to small things in an opaque environment <= we don't know outcomes. Minor is ex post, not ante. Paranoia pays in many cases.
No. Overreaction may save your life. EI is ill defined.
Not an airport
No, nitwit, it’s the Russia conspiracy.
So I run away from CNN and their lunatic conspiracies and I am now having drinks with friends in Moscow... what!  CNN!  No place to hide. pic.twitter.com/ukylOCImcz
I blocked. When in doubt...
Joe; never ever debate science with a nonscientist. Gabish?
I think blocking is necessary
This is NOT world but US.
No
No. If someone has severe learning difficulties at 10, then predictive and correlation overweighs it.
Tractable under the law of large number.
I don't call psychologists "scientists". Simple.
Astrology also is not a  purely deterministic model.
This is BS. Lebanon is very very democratic.
No , Ron.  Both sides are Gaussian here. Not with IQ.
"but there appears to be intelligent, thoughtful scientists who accept IQ"  You mean bullshitters?
Article conflates Levant and Middle East
Khlwé
Connubium -> 2annubin
It's in that book that I found out the BS. Highly unrigorous, full of stat flaws.
East Med/Anatolia/Zagros/Georgia: those who eat the same share the same genes, even when languages differ.  Istanbul airport pic.twitter.com/FpbKMgWPhu
@LebaneseProblem will unfollow and BLOCK unless you retract the "Arab" crap.
No, not that. It says it is random.
You good. Very good.
One more request and you get blocked.
3- For wages, IQ is often an entry hurdle (via proxies) and needs to be cleaned up for circularity.  Yet.... above 60K there is NO correlation between wages and IQ! pic.twitter.com/kDqgtBySVe
2- Zagorski 2007, she is citing. And that's what it shows. "If you are not a total idiot, IQ does not correlate to how rich you will get" is a more appropriate title.  Psychologists are both ignorants and frauds, not a good combination. pic.twitter.com/WNROEKbU4s
You fughedabout ski?
Promise that you mean it!
We took all the snow.
I have a full analytical solution above. Is is the same?
Bryan, not at all, can explain. I informed the parties of the flaws. Combined with SITG, is the following. We can discuss. pic.twitter.com/V7k72nFCKp
Steps matter, since for p>½ 1-e^{\frac{n-2 n p}{2 (p-1) p}}  But for p>½ he is doomed
I block idiots, Mr Andrea.
No, I like it, I cleaned up the draft of next book via comments on twitter.
La7m bkhall, kbbé, batrakh, etc.
This is 15 years old. Need to rewrite using more formal math.
Mistake... an old writeup
A summary of the total result: How counterintuitively with p>½ one is off the hook.  Note the distribution takes only even values for odd steps and vice versa. @bilayerguy pic.twitter.com/rq8RIamQ4Z
Psychologists have no idea what they are talking about when they discuss "time preferences". Their "biases" come from not getting the math. Psych = BS. Gabish? pic.twitter.com/w3N4TC3eWn
You are not close to getting it. I meant that the structure used by psych papers to define the tradeoff is total BS because no layer of stochasticity. I don't engage in social science verbiage abt economics. And while I usually block idiots I will just silence you.
I am saying that IQ has not much to do with intellectual capacity.
In addition time preference is misspecified under stochasticity. Proved it mathematically.
No, not what I am saying. Time preference is BS.
Just realize I owe you a response... long mailbox.
I don't care about Gould. I care about the other bullshitters. These studies are mathematically speaking, bullshit. And you don't seem to realize how unrigorous this crap is.
You do not discredit bullshit with bullshit.
Snow in Northern Phoenicia this morning. pic.twitter.com/nsFArLZw55
I blocked that imbecile.
MONTE CARLO verification. It works!  Survival probability is indeed binary: Lindy above >½. pic.twitter.com/PftGdSEPsn
From ancient DNA, significant diff betw Northern Levant and other pple in area.
Clashes with @PZalloua's DNA "signature" & genetic differentiation was there in Bronze age.
Simple question: did you think I was talking abt education or the institution of education?
You know that I block people with unintelligent remarks. Nothing personal, just to reduce noise. Noise reduction is critical.
She conflates political union and existence -- and flows anachronistic notions of "identity".
The only mathematical proof is that you didn't get the aphorism.
Banking is government backed... And it is harder to BS than in academia. Doesn't mean it is very hard.
The structure under which new crops arise is highy constrained in nature.
That some detenured (or so) academic became a truck driver may indicate some political prejudice; but it certainly proves that some increasingly larger sections of academia are just unskilled labor.  It also proves that BS vending cannot be easily done in the private sector.
No. You get sore but not stronger.
@bryan_caplan is a reasonable & insightful fellow.
Not quite, for thin tailed distribution.
Voila pic.twitter.com/qMbEr7cmX2
Quick answer using the Normal Approximation which effectively captures long term behavior & limits: simply (unless I made an error somewhere), with a probability of success >½, you can move away from the barrier and never hit (Lindy). pic.twitter.com/cwexzi5Dge
Clearly not for non-power laws.
Ana bira2yé inno lézém nsta3mél lghét bayrut (prestige language). Nsi l m2addamé halla2, hayda lal2ékher badda we7dé jdidé.
Actually better because non-sigmoids hence no compact support
PROBABILITY DU JOUR / GEOMETRY  You can express ALL nonlinear functions (for machine learning and other applications) using summs of call options, calibrated via the arc tangent of the slope. pic.twitter.com/PIvkyuwi4z
Hint: try the symmetry principle for a barrier.
Why divide?
I despise Edward Said
He was not. He took courses with Frei7a.
Thanks Steve.
Waybék ray7a?
Hsén ana bi Amioun halweekend
Ana kamén. 3a twitter akid!
You see the compression around the center... curse of Dimensionality.
Peter Francopan ⁦@peterfrankopan⁩ in the British Museum with his son. Peter can smell the silk roads across history. pic.twitter.com/qDIe5WoRfU
I do not like crypto-racists
Alain Gresh is the son of Henri Curiel...
Mazel tov.
You can change the mind of someone who says “no”; never the minds of those who say nothing.
Illuminated books are #Lindy.  The main motivation to write a math book (and start a math publishing house to avoid writing on other people's terms) is to do illuminated books! pic.twitter.com/AQtsb7xxrp
We used it indirectly to fit parameters for EVT of wars
Typos pic.twitter.com/3K7q4gOUgz
Being a good "forecaster" is meaningless in getting a good P/L.  Where I show that 50 y of "expert calibration" research in psychology (decision th) is BS. Like most psychology (IQ< mental biases, Nudgeboy @Richard_Thaler's work...)  Followup on @juliagalef 's poll #Skininthegame pic.twitter.com/8taEmcrWxM
And indeed can be Greek in origin pic.twitter.com/QK2XFbGVnu
I would look at MLT as "to be saved"or perhaps refuge or "place for cures" so Mlita can be a sanatorium if properly placed (dry climate, medium altitude) or the location of the shrine of a healer.
I hate chicken.
Where I learned that you can be interviewed by the New York Times for your obituary. This is thorough fact checking. pic.twitter.com/FBjn0TsXIG
That’s a problem when you age but don’t deadlift. I can introduce you to friends of mine.
το συνοριακό χωριό
Οι ιδέες στο βιβλίο SKIN IN THE GAME εκφράζονται σε blurbs pic.twitter.com/2mtefX4egt
Darb3shtar είναι ένα προάστιο του Amioun. Τα σταφύλια και το κρασί ανήκουν στο Amioun!
On my way to Darb 3shtar
We have 40% scholarships.
No, no, no, the Syrians have skin in the game, not him. And Lebanon pays the price of the mistakes.
The opposite of success isn't failure; it is name dropping.  [Bed of Procrustes]
The opposite of "b**llshitter" isn't someone called "truthful" but someone called "arrogant".
France is 80% Germanic
On parle de la genese
It seems that the sophistication of French cuisine arose from the need to mask the lack of freshness of the ingredients --much as perfume came from the need to compensate for bad hygiene.  In contrast, Italian and East Med cuisines make salient the freshness of the ingredients.
HE is harming future victims
will ask
In the Bronx, if a restrnt has an Italian name (like Angelo's, Carlo's) odds it is operated by Albanians. Italian restrnts are likely to be called "Jim's steakhouse"...  Restrnts called "Lebanese" are owned by Syrians. Real Lebanese go by "Mediterranean" or "Phoenician" cuisine.
Gotti -> Gravano -> 4 soldiers
Gravano pic.twitter.com/azPdXhgYG2
His memoirs. He had "soldiers" trained for a year. Then we walked around with Gotti.
You are invited
He said he did
The future #RWRI location; the classroom has a direct view of the famous sidewalk where Paul  Castellano was wacked by John Gotti’s operative Sammy The Bull. pic.twitter.com/b7o0ZcW47A
You don't want to know.
My book puts some rigor behind the horrible @juliagalef flaw in rankings of “experts” based on "calibration" & thinking that one can get expectation error VIA probability error.  Aside from the fact that, to add insult to injury, she put me in the sale list as @SamHarrisOrg . pic.twitter.com/0kAbEHd3wT
This reminds me of the irritation of Libanius Antiochus when he visited Berytus and was HORRIFIED to see the presence of Latin there instead of Greek. (The law school had to teach in Latin because... law).
The key is that estimation errors for probabilities are ALWAYS thin- tailed even for Fat-tailed variables. Those for expectation will be fat tailed for fat tailed variables.  Which is why @juliagalef rankings of “experts” is an insult to both probability and the real world.
EV Plus absorbing barrier.
Guess
If in NYC come to #RWRI
Lookup the story In Fooled by Randomness about the trader who thinks the market is "more likely to go up", yet is very heavily short.
2) Which is the idea of #skininthegame as a filter. The ONLY filter.   Verbal predictions do not map to anything real, as they penalize those wrong most of the time in skewed payoffs and favor bureaucrats who optimize in frequency space.  Survival=calibration.
Russian roulette
Today #RWRI 10, we discuss: How the "calibration" ranking by BS Vendor @juliagalef is not even wrong  1) In real life, you shb be calibrated in payoff space, not in frequency space. Someone right 80% abt Russian Roulette won't survive, option traders can be right ~1% #ergodicity
Correction: shd be “under absence of correlation” (uncorrelated vs independent)
Yes phrased backwards but what Math used
Ye7ro2 rabb bayy jedd jedd l 3mlak! {Zgharta}
Monsanto shills
زي means "like" or "dress" like the wind?
Correct IF you use a multivariate T as a generalization of the Multivariate Stable, but not if you use 2 separate T.
DAY 4 RWRI 10 Andrea Fontanari asking: Where is the tail?  #RWRI pic.twitter.com/AJgj0NJ8b1
This is EXACTLY why we shd never conflate independence and zero correlation.
Correlation can exist when covariance doesn't.  Cauchy-Schw.
Indeed
Something I learned this morning:   A joint fat-tailed distribution under independence is NOT a product of densities --to preserve ellipticality and "stability" of the Stable Distribution. pic.twitter.com/SBC9rvoFPV
RWRI 10 (day 3)  Arié Haziza showing how convex costs of catastrophes are: there is a severe nonlinearity as you pay higher and higher prices for materials during reconstruction. Twice the severity => 2.5-4 times the economic costs. pic.twitter.com/xDDiyUl3M0
Medicine and Risk Transfer, a comment on a paper by Maestro Spyros Makridakis  @spyrosmakrid pic.twitter.com/iaHPNHMri8
Some and some. My father (Ruffié and Taleb) found Macedonian diseases in the Koura Valley.
Random!
Not my point
J2
No
Can you stop writing nonsense to me?
You study tails before decision, much like the FAA studies crashes. Imbecile.
Actually the most "Byzantine" is the Lebanese Greek Orthodox Majida l Roumi, whose name means, literally, "Magdalena the Byzantine" pic.twitter.com/X8l6DgmhkS
Irene Papas!
Announcement: Deborah Mayo @learnfromerror has a seminar on the philosophy of statistics.  She also has a new book on the subject. Comments to come. pic.twitter.com/AXmhra36mu
Something strange about placenames: why the Aramaization of names? There was Hellenization, then Aramaization of names. No Arabization? This is is Sartre. pic.twitter.com/m3qePPGPhy
Hi, Is there a way to only get mails once a month?
My problem is 1) definition "White = Northern European + honorary others from current EU membership" and 2) White = purity is genetically wrong.
Was he a vegetarian?
...and risk.  Please do not give me Keynes as counterexample as he proved to be clueless about risk, but wasn't as intellectually defective as today's Keynesians.
Not sure THAT practical Module 3 is BS Chapters 18 and 19 are BS pic.twitter.com/SdKEwygpfU
Her other stuff is scary.
Only mathematical statisticians/probabilists understand statistics.
Unpublished pictures are worth a lot more than published ones.  #NationalEnquirer #UmbertoEcosLibrary
It is because of your name and the new paper.They are afraid of the controversy.
CFA is complicated bullshit
Do you want a scholarship for RWRI?
PROBABILITY DU JOUR  The phenomenon known as "regression to the mean" is largely a social science illusion. It requires a stable & *known* mean, constant standard deviation, a thin-tailed distribution, & homogeneous cohorts.
It is easiest to do the most when you have nothing to do.
That idiot didn't get that the math flaw is the uneven correlation ACROSS papers, not the weird crescent in a SAT study. The interesting math point is that non-constant correlation bans PCA and "g". Intuitively if half the correlation is .5 & other half .1, total can show .45
Lnéjé7 ghayr lmashghoul
You. I blocked the other one. And you, next.
Imbecile, so Arab nationalism is not nationalism? And localism is now ultranationalism?
la2 but I was looking for the joy of twitter tranlation arguments
Ya shabéb 2émtin ltarjamé?
2/ Syrian Christians who moved to Leb after the Baath economic fiascos spoke French to hide their Damascene accent.  Even pple from Lattaquia used Damascene “shloknak” etc.
1/!What we observe, as in France and Italy, is the adoption of the prestige dialect. In Israel it is Ashkenazi. In Lebanon it is Beiruti. My grandmother who moved to Bey in 1920 would castigate me when I used Amioun words. In N Syria pple use Damascene, not North Levantine.
Shshshsh don’t tell anybody
We'll host it in Amioun.
1- Charlatans and socialists offer positive, non via negativa "solutions" 2- I block idiots. Like immediately. Nothing personal.
E1b1b by the way: Einstein and Napoleon.
Genetically true. Only rulers were Peninsulars.
I wonder if the recurrent inscription  و لا غالب اللا الله is inspired by memento mori...
cc:@PZalloua
Marijn, doesn't entirely work that way. To start, you cannot claim "descendence" solely based on innovations, something @Safaitic & I will be discussing; simply the probability of switching is higher in the presence of other shared attributes.
3- (Ghosn) I know numerous billionaires; I've met many CEOs. Billionaires tend to live as if they were CEOs; CEOs tend to live as if they were billionaires.
Not quite
2- Ghosn fell prey to the “show me the man, I will find you a crime”.    Someone with enemies should be obsessive about creating a web a “plausible deniability” ahead of time.  You need to stay at least one step ahead of your enemies, in France two steps, and in Japan, three.
WHAT CAN WE LEARN FROM CARLOS GHOSN? (Thread)  Ghosn is a very competent man but   1- One cannot behave like Henry Ford or Louis XIV if one is getting a salary/under corporate bondage. Worse: one is NEVER free when getting a salary.
You are both invited to stay at my place (30 minutes outside NYC)>
In the end it’s all applied math.
It is worth it to organize a dinner with @safaitic anywhere
RAndom
Firas you have time to change your major, no?
Yes but it needs then to be additive.
The IQ thingy by psychologists/BS vendors is drawing me back to the problem of non-elipticality of distributions.  Correlation is much harder to work with than you think.  (from my next book) pic.twitter.com/k2R1Z86dHd
Maestro @Safaitic, unlike you, @lameensouag seems, as a default, to infer an Arabic origin in practically all cases where there is a resemblance, & to believe in ascendance/descendance more than mixing.
1- Never take any positive advice from someone you didn't ask for advice.  (corrected to fix the meta-problem).
Why don’t you fuck off?
I never denied that linguists and other idiots like you don't have ad hoc treatments. Read again.
Finally figured out.  "IQ" doesn't test for intelligence; rather how likely a person is likely to become a state-solution loving socialist.
Imbecile, it doesn't give it an Arabic root.
Because...convexity
Those who aren't in it for the money won't tell you that they aren't in it for the money.
3- The only thing a business school professor can teach you is how to become a business school professor.
Not quite... if you are following me.
2- Never take any financial advice from someone who has to work for a living.
1- Never take any advice from someone you didn't ask for advice.
2nd Lecture at Tandon on probability, showed how under some conditions (conservation) Max Entropy leads to the Gaussian. Adding the derivations to my book. pic.twitter.com/I6y85F8Bsi
Hayda tzwir térikhé. L-lbnénéné (w l mashr2é/néoKn3ané) lghétna l2mm.
An indicator of freedom and bondage: how often did you have to use an alarm clock this month?
I said "communion" above. Try to read.
Wiki, but again this is wiki. pic.twitter.com/MtorWOM7Kj
Then, in communion with Rome but not with the Greek Orth church.
I meant the bishop who can lift 400 lbs.
Not at all. The Greek-Orthodox Church has yuuuge problems with Nestorians, Copts, etc. They are closer the the Catholic church, though. What's your Bishop's rite?
Byzantines are not in communion with the Syriac Orthodox church.
I wonder if the Byzantine church recognizes such a succession ( depends). But I can suspect you accept the deadlift.
No. They reveal the difference between spoken and written as transcribed Aramaic/Arabic into Greek reveal contemporary vocabulary/accent, etc.
Yes
Removed the Abstract (it was a teaser before submission to a journal)... Will repost in a few.
Natufians are a big secret. We now know they came from the North.
Historians/Linguists made the error of thinking that what was written maps to what was spoken --when few people could write. Maestro @Safaitic is making forays in recovering the diff spoken-written languages.
People didn't really speak Aramaic. Aramaic was a "high language", like Greek. Learned people used a language not shared by the hoi polloi
The 2 populations have different exits from Africa, different routes.
Please do not involve me in arguments with a clown.
From instinct, Greek. Bad Greek.
PHILOLOGY DU JOUR: RATIONALITY John 1،1:Ἐν ἀρχῇ ἦν ὁ λόγος, mistransl. "in the beginning was the verb" shd بع "First, there is reasoning". The Peshita, uses "Béréshit (for beginning, shd be "principally") MLL for verb ="abilitlity to speak" λόγος= منطق= מלל NOT كلمة #Lindy pic.twitter.com/8Tc9CLXHWO
WHAT I LEARNED IN 2019 I thought that correlation was a bad measure because super-additive [relu/sigmoids] rho[a+b]>rho[a]+rho[b].   Turns out it is also sub-additive [exponential].  In other words, there are very very very narrow conditions where one can safely use correlation.
Trishank, can you please unblock Justin? He is a good guy.
Didyouloseweightfromallofthis?
answering in the thread
When you are, say, a physicist, you don't argue abt quantum mechanics w/an astrologer for the sake of "listening to all sides". I just block people (mostly verbalistic psychologists) w/whom I DO NOT want to have an exchange because you DO NOT learn/advance from bullshit.  Gabish?
Shant, good point: in real life I do not have exposure to people who disgust me.
Where I block @JordanbPeterson for violation of intellectual integrity/virtue signaling. pic.twitter.com/8HDRPXmtdZ
There are Arab Christians in Hawran and Jordan; some in Southern Lebanon. But not many.
ANSWER: found a counterexample f(x)=Exp[x]. Overall correlation is always lower (up to ~40%) than that of any subsample!  MORAL: Use psychometrics/psychology books for winter fuel as many citizens have difficulties with their heating bills. pic.twitter.com/FctDnzdLT1
Typos pic.twitter.com/xAcAhnGg8R
SPECULATIVE INEQUALITY DU JOUR pic.twitter.com/vaCY0gAlnV
Michael ignore the fellow, as all he does is "portmanteau criticism" by expressing remote analogies between books he hasn't read. Also, remember he is a liar.
These are not quite ...Palestinians
Palestinians are dominated by J1 pic.twitter.com/AlxfmkVmPQ
Not the point: dimwit saying: Einstein used calculus. He never invented calculus. It was invented by Newton/Leibnitz. You can ALWAYS claim nothing new for incremental knowledge.
FACT DU JOUR When the Abbasids were in Bagdad, the majority of the population spoke Farsi. They encouraged the Jews to settle as Jews spoke Arabic.
Most certainly Abbasids.
Joe, block idiots.
When people makes public apologies and acts of contrition, they are mostly sorry that they were caught.
22 years of that crap.
It is not. Can't you get it?
Shu baddak waja3 ras ta7t. Bass Antakia téj rassna.
Lamma tfshal ma7ada byid3amak mitl ahl blédak w lamma tnja7 ma7ada byi7sadak w bkhazwék fik mitl ibn baladak
Count me in
 pic.twitter.com/uO69sFuYE9
What is working in Lebanon is that it doesn't have two factions, but at least three.
Fractal Localism pic.twitter.com/kY2zjrzDLD
Intellectual fraud.
Overall, agree; but I would have thought that the equites was a Roman thingy.
Religions?
BARBARIAN SUPREMACISM  From now on, you can call "White" supremacists BARBARIAN SUPREMACISTS  Northrn Europe does not have a monopoly on Caucasian.  (Note I permanently blocked @RazibKhan as he could not substantiate what "flaws" he claimed in our GMO risk paper, hence his watch) pic.twitter.com/zdX8rsH5U3
Partition 1947?
You can easily have a nation-state with 2, even 4 languages (Belgium, Switzerland), but you can't easily have a nation-state with 2 religions.  #Localism
Just block idiots.
I block idiots. Sorry.
3- In other words, there exist a system where you can be a Maronite/Shiite/Armenian nationalist without imposing your preferences on others, and without others imposing their preferences on you.  It's localism.
It was PRECISELY the removal of multiculturalism by Arabists that fucked it up.
2- Nationalism is an idea that came about in the 19th C., messed up Greece/Turkey, destroyed Alexandria, Saloniki, Aleppo, Smyrna, Constantinople.  French nationalism is absurd:Provencal localism is not. Now people are getting Fractal localism and City-states as a natural order.
Closed for RWRI-10. We gave 20 full and partial scholarships in total for RWRI-10.
It was Southern Europe that went West, initially.
Maestro Stephen Wolfram has no degrees except for a PhD.
Lebanese follow Iran, not Iraq.
How about Jamal 3amel?
Blocked this insenstive imbecile.
We gave plenty so far
How can these 2 be so stupid yet function in business?
Since Khomeyni. But Shiism is entirely nonArab theology.
Why the f*** are you calling him a “professor”? He is not a professor.
Quant isn’t really about standing in a community. It is about results, T/F. If I were wrong, I’d know. Too many enemies scrutinizing my work.
No. This is BS. No evidence shown for any positive predictability.
It is called Twelver Shiism.
5- Something about Persia that the Trump administration is clueless: Persia obsessed Greeks, Romans, Arabs, then Ottomans for the past 2400 years.  Rome was broke frm the 700 y Persian wars.  Unconquered in spite of short lived fake successes: Alexander, Herakles, Arabs, etc..
Anything in Russian.
Something @peterfrankopan got: Ottomans didn't give a f*** abt "Rome" since Rome itself moved closer to the wealth, the silk road, & was now Constantinople. Before wealth from the Americas the West was an economic desert.  Turks shared w/Romans & Byzantines the Persian obsession.
And originally Akkadian 7shto pic.twitter.com/1DpNmP9QFS
In Western Aramaic, "clairiere". pic.twitter.com/pjj7dEyULr
Byzantine was not "West"
Never argue with an interventionist over dinner.
Matt, cher ami, you forget Hebrew and Aramaic!
Tghadda wtmadda T3ashsha wtmashsha  #Lindy
My fortune cookie is much more realistic pic.twitter.com/oba1MNUPtJ
Gaussian case: a beautiful sqrt pi function a la Sirling. pic.twitter.com/VMsG0qfoeg
Cauchy Schwarz
No
University's presidents are paid on ONE and ONLY ONE criterion: how much money can they raise. So the complaint should not be other members of the university, but the donors.
Not true, Christian. Can explain, but not here.
Some villages in the Med name after the mother, e.g. Pagnol's "Jean de Florette". In my mother's village, Kousba (Kospa) I am known as "Nassim Minerva".
That's corporate income, not self employment.
Didn't get rich there
Exception: Mike B @MikeBloomberg... any other?
You used the Gaussian.
A triangle inequality entailing partial correlation. pic.twitter.com/XlOivnHVbF
IQ
Bingo!
Corrected pic.twitter.com/43G0ocDLcB
A neat theorem about the asymmetry of correlation: if downside correlation is 100% and upside correlation is 0%, total correlation will show ~90%! Moral:  1) never use the word correlation under asymmetry 2) use psychometrics textbooks for winter fuel 3) close psych departments pic.twitter.com/sdOh3P5IRC
In a long career, I've (almost) never seen anyone get rich while employed (via bonuses/stock options, as w/bankers, CEOs, & rich slaves), & subsequently also make money on their own, in self employment.  If you can't make it on your own, it's #rentseeking.
One the authors here... pic.twitter.com/TqLRhGJsq7
We still consider the bishop of Rome primum inter pares.
The imbecile doesn't realize that what the Phoenicians did with commerce, Vikings did with plunder.
What makes LEvantines Levantine is the Natufians. LEvantines are 20% Natufian, the rest Anatolians.
You'd be surprised how many idiots test well.
Via monopoly by overcharging their captive clients?
Can you name the equal number of high "IQ" working as baristas?
No higher than 6th
Idiot, the name "Saachi" is attributed to the family that worked near the Bagdad public clock, hence s3atji. There were clocks in public places, but nor needed because of the solar regularity.
More comments on your book to come.
Never ever call me a polymath. I am a probabilist. Nothing else. That’s sufficient. Please.
Imbecile, I am just showing why a supremacist approach fails. Imbecile.
Real squid ink smudges. pic.twitter.com/PBa0xZCgwX
Demokracy? I block idiots.
In other words, better say: “you mean Barbarian supremacists?” rather than imitate some SJW harangue.
Arrogant to whom?
Excited to find in my mailbox the book by @ErwanLeCorre from whom I've learned so much about natural fitness/#antifragility. pic.twitter.com/A57GM8yM9E
If assholes don't find you arrogant, you are doing something wrong.
It meant: gamed by researchers to justify their metric.
He had his point to say. Too deficient.
I have blocked pple for making vastly more intelligent remarks.
No, Steve, no. All I am saying that such a metric cannot be gamed; the only real metric. And, of course, cognitive tests do NOT capture it. Sorry.  Gabish?
Not finished.
With time it becomes a #lindy survival thing
5:45
Call me earlier I let you in.
I am both!
3- Another spuriousness in the neuroscience literature: Never trust any "evidence" from Neuroscience or psychobyllshutmetrics without redoing the math.  We use as a standard Pinker's deffender the charlatan @michaelshermer who pollutes intellectual life with pseudoempiricism. pic.twitter.com/CzLS41qVHa
The answer and the Monte Carlo illustration shows how hard it is to explain that "randomness does not look random". pic.twitter.com/ypPsnyJxNh
No
Many of these 50% explain 1-3%.
PROBABILITY QUIZ DU JOUR, around "Fooled by Randomness". How to ferret out pseudo-empiricism (or where "empirical evidence is not empirical evidence"):  What are the odds of getting a spurious "cancer cluster"? [FIRST CLASS TANDON TONIGHT] pic.twitter.com/pQnpeumSfz
Ab alio expectes alteri quod feceris
By "others" you mean "charlatans" and rent seeking psychologists? Respecting psychologists = disrespecting citizens.
Worse psychobullshit. Not even good at detecting the right range of effective patterns.
όχι. Είμαι στη ΝY
Not a critique just some mentally challenged fellow barking incoherently.
GrecoLebanese proverb du jour: Lkalb mabi 3add khayyo (Caninas caninam non est -κυων κυνός ουχ απτεται)
That psychobullshit: "psychometric intelligence" is not even intelligence, but some crappy number used 1) to employ psychologists, 2) put down some race.
Out of Sample
Which was already a nonmundane language.
In what language do they PRAY?
Wadad from root wdd (->mawadda) same as dd before. Unless they are closely related.
Vatican II reminds me a performance of Trovatore I attended in Chicago years ago. The singing was in English “for clarity”. I walked out 2 minutes into the opera.  Conversely, Imagine the Beatles translated (and sung) into Slovenian.
Like old church Slavonic? or Katharevoussa?
David =~ wadad!
Easy. Buy a bilingual NT
Please answer: was I ever arrogant/condescending to you? Otherwise shut the fuck up.
Discussion closed as far as I am concerned.
It is precisely in countries with LOW taxation it happened.
It is capitalism that pulled billions out of poverty. Not vapid virtue signaling.
The other problem is that taxation morons want you to believe that expropriation of the rich goes towards "fairness": it goes to finance no skin-in-the-game parasites in bureaucracies.
No.
Being arrogant towards a fraudster in power = iconoclast.  Being arrogant towards a regular person = psychologist.
You mean from Katharevousa?
not mutually comprehensible
It remains that rich people pay MORE in taxes than poor people. This is manipulative framing.
It is in percentage, no?
In Fooled by Randomness: Vatican II destroyed Catholicism by translating the sacred into ordinary language. Meanwhile Judaism & Islam never debased the texts away from Hebrew and Arabic, resp. The current Bishop of Rome @Pontifex is continuing the destruction started in 1962. pic.twitter.com/gyvBHfv3Hx
Wealth tax = Expropriation by parasites. Nothing else.
Wrong place
Once
My black list doesn't necessarily include people who have been to the Davos WEF. It includes those who have been to Davos more than once.
The honest person isn't the one who has never sinned. It's the one who has never committed any sin more than once.
The modern classification is "western Eurasian", S (Mediterraneans) and North. We know "Semitic" vs "Aryan" is BS: languages do not follow genetics.
It is because Phoenicians and Aegian Greeks were part of the same race. That's what DNA is showing.
Tey Athos
No
You are virtually illiterate.
Emmanuelle, un peu plus formel. pic.twitter.com/0GeW3WvrJv
You seem rather ignorant: for the Greeks, Europa comes from Phoenicia. Now we have DNA.
Imbecile.
George was actually replying to Adrian Monck
My takeaway: people with inferior intelligence should refrain from engaging in smear campaigns. But, again, one needs to be of inferior intelligence to get into smear campaigns.
Ignore, This is pure dispossession under a fancy name.
Why on earth would anyone with anything real to say want to go to Davos?
Kind of people that I block immediately as these type of fallacious questions destroy the debate. pic.twitter.com/o24gOqWRst
Phoenicians were considered the same as the Greeks by the Greeks, not Metics in Athens (Europe is a modern concept).
NOTE TO THE ALT-RIGHT: I got plenty of ethnic hatred by quack-Molyneux/Charles Murray's crowd. I am not complaining, but for Baal's sake,  1) I am Greek Orthodox (not Muslim)    and...  2) Lebanon has no desert. It's on the Med. So please remember: Lebanon has no desert. Gabish? pic.twitter.com/0rqo9De7Aj
Brickell but how did you know?
Il y a toujours des idiots qui font des commentaires sur une oeuvre a partir d’un tweet.
Merci Eugénie!
Enchanté
Evidence?
Greek name malachite
I believe in conservation of such heritage, but directly and not through the back door.
Some cousins! All got rich.
No. Bronze age stabilized the Meds
Hayk, comme-ca
~ means almost
Not the Middle East anymore. Border.
The problem is that Beirut is starting to have the Miami look. You can't travel anymore. pic.twitter.com/f87oDVsbyO
Actually the genetic cluster is "Caucasian" or "Western Eurasian", north and south.
Avignon
Appendix to new book on why Black Scholes doesn't work under power laws pic.twitter.com/3ghxFlQo33
OK, give it +- 200-400 years!
Grouping Meds (Italians etc.) with Northerners in the same "race" and coloring it "White" is a recent phenomenon. Distinction lines up to 8th C. Christianity vs Islam, then 1400s Ottoman..
Stop the fake news + historical gerymandering promoted by quack-quack Molyneux & Charles Murray: Before 1600 Northern "Europe" contributed to ~ nothing. Nazi "Aryans" appropriated the growth of the Med/S. W. Eurasia by making (Ancient) Greeks members of the same "race". Quacks. pic.twitter.com/MB96KybY9V
Note the "variant". It is to get the moments of the transformation without going through its distribution (step 1).
Indeed, but higher "IQ" != higher mental capacities.
انا عم جررب اكتب بلحرف لعربي כנ לחרפ לכנעאני האיכ!
ONly psych is Lindy.
Was already there. Thanks.
Gracias. Donde?
Source (for my paper?)
Look at my thread for K in the left...
2- Something unknown by *IQ idiots w/sinister theories* (s.a. @charlesmurray @primalpoly): NONLINEARITY. Variables that correlate only ½ the time show ρ >.855 (Gaussian case) but rises to ρ>.92 in absense of tapering of tail values. These are basic notions.  Probability is hard. pic.twitter.com/8iQHo9cARm
Trevor stay on topic or I will rescind the request for @otrasenda_AC to unblock you. Learn to stay on topic.
No, limit to the mechanics of correlation.
1- SIMPLEST CASE: Correlation with a constant will show a positive correlation. But there is a loooooooot worse. pic.twitter.com/DFhzYsLqp3
No, no, no. I mean ex ante. THis is spurious correlation from sampling error.
>160 all theories converge.
Oliver, he argues lightly but he is not a troll. Actually thoughtful.
QUIZ DU JOUR (this time, difficult) There are many known examples of fake independence: random variables X & Y can be more dependent than shown in correlation. (x & Y=x^x for instance)  Can you find instances of X & Y that more correlated than dependent?
No imbecile it is not IQ but the fact that IQ is shown in the absence or more relevant information.
Insight by @ArthurB about IQ as an inverse metric:  Gifted pple exhibit skills-specific competence: geometry, drawing, algebra, patents, wealth, creations... The subset of [1) Losers who can't do anything & 2) & scored high on IQ] will show their "IQ". So IQ = adverse selection.
So smudge on plate. Not real squid ink.
You never have 0 and infty because pi is irrational. And n-^3 is quite potent
(And no, I am not setting foot in South Beach. Not even for squid ink.)
You guess
Miami (downtown): Something refreshing about a town devoid of any pretense of intellectualism.
Look at things from probability... Remember Cramer & other dist of gaps between primes. pic.twitter.com/IndsleeIp6
Nicolas @NAChristakis do you realize that under nonlinearities (down-covariances ≠ up-covariances) these "tings" called factors don't mean anything?  (Re: 'High heritability of educational achievement reflects many genetically influenced traits...' by psychologists s.a. Plomin.) pic.twitter.com/zGoZRoTVUr
84 ½
No
@iosif_lazaridis  (Clearly the statement by the quack-quack Molyneux that the population of Mesopotamia was "replaced" by peninsulars & other invaders doesn't hold.)
Des pretres.
100% BS
What is obvious to you isn't what's obvious to me.
My genetics (probability) paper. pic.twitter.com/IIte4sC2lK
Proof?
مراق
μεράκι = soul in the game.
Why statistician are way out of their depth w/BIG DATA:  + To a statistician, there are single variables, scalars, vectors, and matrices, separate "tings" in various degrees of complication.  + To a probabilist, a scalar is just a low dimensional matrix. All the same "ting".
Identity is a fiction invented late and promoted by German Nazis.
Péricliter in French = going down the tubes.
Seems Kosher!  Mine is 55
Yes, just to verify the n & other stuff. You don't need a large n since death is binary.
references? Would love to see the variance.
PSYCHOLOGY has contributed to nothing nonBS in its history (hence "IQ" shtick) -nothing real & unknown to grandmothers.  PROBLEM: if we close psych depts in univ., would it be riskier since psychologists can cause WORSE damage in other jobs (drivers, pizza delivery, journalism)?
Maestro
BS,  BS
Actually any test would do to weed out the unintelligent. Anything.
I usually block pple who ask me to do a podcast
Ces comptes ressemblent aux “shills” de Monsanto.
As with GMOs & Pinker boy, I do not aim at changing the mind of bigots, IQ pple, psychologists, & pseudostatisticians.   All I can do is expose them & change the mind of a certain intelligent audience.   And it works. pic.twitter.com/iJcZfiIZ55
Use above formula with a normalized multivariate normal distribution.
No. This is the exception.
Which shows the circularity of IQ scores. Psychometrics is a scam, which shows in so many respects. pic.twitter.com/mIy3F9iVzf
Let's start with an elementary QUIZ that the psychologists (& the mountebanks s.a. @charlesmurray) seem to be implicitly flunking. pic.twitter.com/KzxNoh8FTe
Nothing ethnic. Please.
Vous perdez votre temps, cher ami. Il ne faut jamais, jamais, discuter avec ce genre de personnes.
No proof
I've called people "imbeciles" for vastly more intelligent remarks.
Rukoz is Rocco.
Correction: One comes from Arca Caesarea the other from Beino (Thought Caesarea = Beino).
68-72 depends on fitness. Problem is not health but keeping up with state of the art.
Firas are you the one I met at Beirut airport?
Where are you from?
Levantine language, various dialects of it.
No, imbecile, Lebanese is not a dialect of Arabic.
Homs has been the most successful city in history per capita.
We need Y DNA. One single test from a male member.
Idiots look for “evidence” everywhere where needed.
Not real estate.
Depends
No routine! Random.
Ask @Mangan150
Done! pic.twitter.com/fP5khQZMTk
You flunked that question, in my book.
Saif, in my parts of Lebanon (Greek Orthodox) we are "2ate3" 205 days a year, meaning we MUST use olive oil.
You good. Very good.
C- Selects for obedient idiots who don't get the problem of induction. (from a discussion with @paulboghossian ) pic.twitter.com/p2nGBhadMD
B- WHY THE ERROR RATE FOR ONE INDIVIDUAL IS YUUUGE pic.twitter.com/kinX6vxVNW
Lebanese would say "Nés bsamné w nés bzét" instead.
Psychologists hope that I did not look at the literature. This, adjusted for padding, is astrology. pic.twitter.com/MsfLjCD0Qn
BS
Comme qui?
Risk detection heuristic. Weaker than a rule. Red flag.
HEURISTIC:  In any profession, when someone becomes rich and/or famous and starts socializing or attending organized gatherings w/the rich & famous & members of the IAND*, you can start counting the time until the big blowup.  * International Association of Name Droppers
belgium
Friends, what kind of magazine is Aeon? Thanks.
Ch, BE
3- WHT I LEARNED IN 2018 (cont, 2 )  Also learned that "PhD" researchers who BS about "IQ" (and RACE) don't get that if IQ correlates to performance at 50% (the beeeeeesssst of cases), that it can only explain less than 16.7% of said performance.  Idiots.
3- WHT I LEARNED IN 2018  Learned that psychologist involved in "IQ" fail to understand very basic notions they are using. Such as correlations. Not talking about higher dimensions "g", nonlinear correlations, etc. Not talking abt quacks like Molyneux, but academic psychs. pic.twitter.com/aVQoCvh33H
You forget people, esp. men did not live long. You have a statistical exit.
I was told by an olive oil producer that he only trusts... Costco. He said they have too much to lose. They were his clients & knew how to inspect.
He told me he grew up with his grandmother in West Beirut. He spoke perfect Lebanese. These were the Greek-Orthodox Arabists who converted to Protestantism.
Yes, though it is #Lindy
2- WHAT I LEARNED IN 2018   Learned from @Mangan150 that seed oil (Not #Lindy) is actually only tested in theory, & maybe be v. inflammatory.   (Went nuts yesterday on Air France when I saw the smallprint for the "olive oil/balsamic" small bottle: 38% olive/37% sunflower.)
Even better: Phoenician DNA points to "Indo-European"; same with coastal & Northern Levant.
What I learned in 2018:  Learned from @Safaitic that written language often had nothing to do with spoken languages. The former later makes its way via the minority rule.  It is conceivable that Jesus spoke a Galilean dialect not Aramaic, but used Aramaic for harangues.
Thanks! Ref?
With @EmanuelDerman @jim_gatheral pic.twitter.com/yeLuVbRRij
Sir Michael Atiyyah, British/GrecoPhoenician (Greek-Orthodox from North Lebanon), most decorated mathematician, charming man, RIP.
Higher up but skewed recent immigration of doctors.
The traditional interpretation: Originally Abram meant Ab+ "ram=hill" high father, but the name change explicity in Genesis means "patriarch" (father of plenty). Tout est possible.
Friends, I see some IQ "holes" in research. Please help if you are familiar with literature  1) Has anyone measured within individuals IQ test variance (you take the test, get different score) ?  2) Has anyone controlled for Chinese characters reading (as training for IQ tests)?
Sorry, Levantines are Western Eurasian, Mediterraneans, genetically "Indo Europeans" even when speaking Semitic languages.
Mr Ahmari, North Africans were Western Eurasians! They looked no different from Romans.
7 years of training 7 y of disciplining 7 y of companionship
Pasquale, you are a professional probabilist and statistician. You are a scholar. Molyneux is a crank. Please do not engage him.
Nobody knows. No real family tree.
That's J2b2, I am J2b1 Anyway given J1-P58 commonality could it be the same priestly class going around?
From?
David, his son.
Wrong, wrong, wrong. Averages don't matter, distributions do. Many people alive today came from father >60 as stochastic life span with death statistics biased by infant mortality.
I am J2b and getting tons of Cohens/Kagan etc. as relatives w common parentage <1000y.
Actually <.008, same as Italy/Spain
My Yomi is math + philology so Talmud is part of the second.
If anything for them "brown" (right, Egyptian) was higher in civilization than the lighter skinned Meds (Med above are Lybian or Levantine , above)
yuuuge
After 4 days of diluvial rain from angry Zeus, Baal & other gods, stuck at home running Monte Carlo genetics simulations while eating stuffed grape leaves and busting IQ and race idiots on Twitter, finally the  storm ended ... and a lot of snow covering Mount Lebanon. pic.twitter.com/0vWKtHNBDV
On the side, any idea about J2, and J2b among Ashkenazis?
Sorry meant R1b
Sunk cost requires memoryless payoff
Cochran is largely crackpot BS with some good occasional insights.
Asymptotically normal. Std here is sqrt[40] (number of points) Let you guess what it is.
*Footnote: clearly I don't insult not ALL psychologists, just those who put people & races in"idiot" IQ boxes or similar things...)
So you are saying your grades and *intelligence* helped not IQ testing.  Please do not post nonsense.
Not grades?
And Plato!
Yes!
Christian under Dhimmitude
I said I am against standard AA on grounds of inverse effectiveness.
I am separating the IQ debate from Affir action. I truly believe it hurts minorities. Having been an oppressed minority for generations, & second rate citizen under Ottomans because of religion, I have skin in that game.  Reparation should be separate question from AA.
No
From your profile, I thought it was a play on intelligence (in the information sense)
Psychologists use "IQ" to politely put people & entire races in boxes with the label "idiots", and stick them there for a lifetime.  They ruin people's careers and potentials. Politely.  I call psychologists (& IQ mountebanks) idiots to their face. Not politely.
I don't know your "IQ" but I can safely say that you're an idiot.
What do you mean?
I keep Danny out of this.
OK OK this was a joke.
Indeed, if losses tell you expected returns are lower. Surprisingly it also works the other way if payoffs are not Poisson/Memoryless, the longer you wait the shorter arrival time.
NEXT BS PSYCHOLOGY BUSTING project: Count how many of these "biases" are errors or we have the wrong model. E.g. "sunk cost" not an error if you use P/L as info from environment. Heuristic in #SkininTheGame: if not present in Erasmus, it doesn't exist  Remember Psych is BS #Lindy pic.twitter.com/Iv6eRtNLT4
I deleted the tweets and merged them into the MEDIUM piece.
That they show the success rate without comparing it to random selection.
This assumes that there are no other BETTER more reliable tests. And this is the upper bound. And this assumes constant correlation.
Typo 16.67% pic.twitter.com/nau8cTHdy0
Not even!
Please don't. Grammar kills languages.
IQ FACTS The highest correlation IQ to "performance" (with yuuuge massaging)  is .5 [not eliminating the resemblance between said performance and test] The pick up is only 13%  Psychologists are kluuuueless about some basics. pic.twitter.com/ZOR9igEEDp
I do not want to prove anything. I just declared Molyneux is a fraud, a racist fraud and someone with intellectual deficiencies. Period.  Gabish?
QUIZ DU JOUR (very very simple)  IQ is said to correlate at .5 with performance. You hire an employee with above average IQ. What is the probability of above average performance?  What is the probability if there were 0 correlation with performance?   Assume Normal distr.
To understand Wittgenstein's ruler:  Any MEASURE of IQ or intellectual abilities or anything related to intellect that does not give #Molyneux a score in the bottom 8% of the population is patently a wrong measure. pic.twitter.com/gGtokyl2Fu
Idara ma7alliyyé.
Roger, émtin kint hon blébnén ekhér marra? shuf shu 3am bi sir 3al sé7a. l3alam tghayyro
Localism is not identitarian/label minded. We just go as Phoenicians and Greeks did it, open fractally to others.
Sqrt[40], my friend
Localism, ya sa7bé
I can handle Turkish better than anything else: #Lindy. We spent 1600 years of our last 2000 history as part of Asia Minor
You are not getting it. Read the recent papers out of Reich's group. We have ancient DNA. Separation Semitic/IndoEu is bogus genetically. Discussion in #Skininthegame on languages spreading without population.
I block idiots. Sorry.
Yes. Europe shd be Northern Europe, never include the Med. Med was historically part of a continuum Fertile Crescent/Caucasus/Egypt, both culturally and genetically.
We only had 3 muslims at the meeting. We need them very badly. Otherwise it fails.
The most robust is Kan3an. First develop, then worry about label.
Ken3ané = mashr2é
Baldiyyé means dialect. Mush méshé.
ROger, you are a nationalist. We are localists.
Then medication is effective.
NeoCanaanite because it is NORTH Levantine, from Galilee to Antioch
Sorry Mr Jones but saw your papers and there is no more use for you.  Go do your national IQ  in your corner and leave my feeds alone.  No point discussing. I will block you if you use my handle again.  Gabish?
You call yourself old Levantine.  Better marketing, neoKan3ané.
Imbecile, it means the average is not relevant not that it doesn't exist. Show us the variance, and distribution so we decide for you what it means or doesn't mean.
Jone, don't play straw man here there are now some probabilists on the thread. So be quiet and learn if you can.
No, because there is NO asymptote in such small finite samples.
Actually, if one of the variables is fat tailed...  Always a problem when pple use mechanistic regressions without knowing probability.  Further, THERE IS NO BASIS FOR NATIONAL IQ. Even if there were differences in averages, VARIANCE swamps the local information.  Science is hard pic.twitter.com/viK5meA1yf
Which brings us to a statistical Quiz. What is the distribution of the regression slope?  @GarettJones I will be nice to you because you deadlift. But you need to understand the ERROR rate of a regression slope. Otherwise, NO regression. Gabish? pic.twitter.com/VKem5V6lWm
I made it public!
How can I disagree with Reich?
Is @primalpoly still banging the walls in his cage?
STATISTICAL BUSTING TRAINING 101  How many data points (sampled within the same data) do you need to add to change the slope from positive to negative?  @GarettJones, this is no longer called a regression. This is called intellectual fraud. pic.twitter.com/PcjBqRVKKd
They hide their cash
Are all other regressions as BS as this one?
You didn't answer. Have you ever done a regression before?
Serious question. Have you ever done a regression before?
Not the point. National IQ is BS.
COUNTRY IQ This may not give you much information (nonhomogeneous migration patterns) but it certainly tells you that "country IQ" and genetics is a scam. pic.twitter.com/JLqxqWF0Hu
Lavana, I will block you for bullshitting too much here. Sorry, nothing personal.
Did you consider tv/films with subtitles?
WHEN?
Kultchural changes
1) No, it was not Ghengis Khan who sacked Baghdad but his grandson Holagho 2) That they killed all the locals is fiction (from balance X vs Y chr) 3) Only someone like PrimatebrainedMolyneux can believe 1)Asian IQ genetic superiority &  2) degradation in IQ from male replacement
No she is wrong. J1 haplo comes from the Caucasus.
I do not debate charlatans. I EXPOSE them to others.
No. They used Ctesiphon as capital. Later Abbasides pick it as capital as well.
This is BS. Inbreeding lead to physical problems first.
coinvented algebra (with Indians)
Do you fucking think I am stupid enough to not check Babylonian genetics?
Just as w/ Greek there are divisions as to how it was pronounced. So you rely on transcriptions other Semitic languages, and triangulate.
He is discussing racial inferiority.
#SkinintheGame dictates not talking about an idea (such as #SkinintheGame) shallowly, w/o a deep investment, here is my recitation of Hammurabi's code in ancient Babylonian (Akkadian) w/proper Semitic gutturals.  Yes, I know enough Babylonian to argue Molyneux is a fraud in it. pic.twitter.com/CYCHTrhS1p
He may be correct for algebra as I wrote "co". Aljabr is Arabic not Chaldean.
Mesopotamia  Invented Metallurgy, Agriculture, Writing, Sailing, theWheel, Chemisty, Pharma, Astronomy, LAW,(co)algebra,  Algor, Calendar, Maps, Metrics...  Maintained techno superiority for 4600/5000y of history.  So fraudster @stefanmolyneux now arbiter of their inferior "IQ". pic.twitter.com/uGxSiIlJ0q
The ONLY test of intelligence that counts is to see if the person detects Wittgenstein's ruler situations:  1) When you use a ruler to measure the table, you are also using the table to measure the ruler.  2) The more unexpected the measurement, the more you apply W's ruler.
Bingo
Armenia
How high? smoking? other risk factors?
Look at distances. Lebs way closer to one another than to Palestinians/Syrians/Peninsulars/Turks...   LM pulled down a bit in South direction, can investigate.  We need granularity for Orthodox and to see if enough Shiites in it.
This is fraud. You can't predetermine if someone is good in math.
Is it Palestinians from Lebanon? I do not know of a single Leb from North Leb who migrated to Germany. We found ZERO diaspora there.
Indeed. As the Druze. As the Lebanese. pic.twitter.com/vHB3VkteV2
I join her. Not even close!
Galilee = Lebanese Christians.
It is refined further elsewhere: there is no such thing as "Sephardic" other than for theological stuff: Morroccan/Maghrebi, Mediterranean/Italian, Mizrahi, Yemeni, Georgian, Iranian/Iraqi (went to India), etc.
"European" is meaningless a genetic term. Western Eurasia is the correct one.
PC1 vs PC2
The test showed 84 ½ but it may improve a few points with training.
I know I even speak Italian so it takes 2 sentences to bust me.
Do not use Middle East but North, South Levant and Arabia. Ashk are very close to North Levant
No
No connection to Ashkenazis. David Reich: We have their DNA. Mongolian.
GENETIC PUZZLE While working on a paper w/ @pZalloua, some strange attributes of Ashkenazis & Lebanese: PCA1 puts Ashkenazis betw Lebanese Christians, Leb Druzes, Separdis, Cypr & Armenians/Caucasus, at Corner of North Levant-Armenia. [Left: publ paper;right: the new study] pic.twitter.com/T4t2MMsflW
Koura had Byzantine influx in 7th C, huge Roman 1-3rd and no intermarriage with Maronites. My own DNA not Koura, more Macedonian/Balkan came probably with the Turks, we are looking.
First meeting of the localist society for the promotion of the Neo-Canaanite language in a Starbucks near Byblos. Thank you everyone for the spontaneous gathering! pic.twitter.com/HlCrlSfxdi
3) My problem is with charlatans such as @michaelshermer with their promotion of "empirical evidence" in the name of "science" --not aware of spurious correlations, exactly the opposite of statistical inference. They argue from "facts" based on above spuriousness.
I guess your thing. I just realized psychologists don't understand variance. IQ tests have yuuuge variance both sides (same individual) + effect is drowned for n=1 by noise.
Correction. Hayda 3am ye3mol 80k bil shahr msh 800k bil shahr
Total imbecile Local dialect is not even Arabic
They left people alone but asked for huuge tax + Devshirme (blood tax). No infrastructure. But in a way they protected Christians (except for the massacres of Damascus and Aleppo) as they were under Millet self rule.
3- We see separate Greek-Orthodox populations between the south & north of Batroun (Koura valley). North they resemble Cypriots, Cretans and Greeks from Smyrna. Likewise data shows the Maronites in North are heavily Armenians from the Mardaitis.
2- The Eastern Seaboard spent another 200 y under the Crusades; evidence shows that the linguistic (Arabization) and the relation to the Middle East only started 150 years ago.
Wrong to say 1300 y ago. Lebanon spent 500 y under Ottomans who maintained most aspects of Byzantine Empire. They kept ethnicities separate, under self administration (Millet system), so the Rum Millet (i.e. "Roman") were same citizenship: Greece, Anatolia, Romania, East Med.
Have you been tested?
BS
Austro-Hung Jews fared much better than Lebanese in Anglo parts. Leb fared better in Latin America/Africa, but second in US.
No idea
Someone who hates ideas.
You got it backwards. It was NOT an Orthodox Church (priest has no beard). I am saying that as an Orthodox, I cannot get communion there.  Plus we need to fast prior to communion.
Where?
Turkey, India, Syria, Iraq
Saying that French Protestants/Ashkenazis are submitted to pressures that "improved their genetics" & accepting the concept of "racial traits" when populations traits change so fast is INCOHERENT.  [Footnote: not all religious minorities fare well.]
Let me give the most concentrated lecture about statistics/Data Science.  Statistics is about avoiding the mistake below. The rest is (more or less complicated) footnotes. pic.twitter.com/xLYPE6pcAf
I went to church today.
Where is the video?
@SituationO @PZalloua Min Kamén?
In all fairness, she took communion there, which is beyond mere attendance. On paper, the Greek-Orthodox church technically bans us from taking communion in any other church. But the rule is not enforced and most people don't know about it.
Hilaaaarious! Exactly as predicted.  Within HOURS. You can play a BS vendor like a violin. pic.twitter.com/vewi6O2igd
The agenda is rescuing the Lebanese (North Canaanite) language.
With olive oil, Damascus.
I've seen TONS of clerics in churches before. Is it suddenly taboo? Or is it because she is a woman?
Ana bi Amioun, baddé sé3tén. Fina nlta2a bi Jounieh amma bi Jbeil? @PZalloua 3indak ma7all bil jém3a?
I said jum3a not usbu3 because the former is Lebanese, the latter Arabic. I leave Friday. How about tomorrow?
Salafis managed to get a Sunni Muslim Lebanese woman politician to apologize for attending church service, something that has been part of the fabric of Lebanese society. Result of Saudi funding of intolerance over the past 50y. Will happen in the West. pic.twitter.com/6hs5jhZ7K3
As I said, degenerates...
jm3a msh usbu3
7asab. Kamm wa7ad/w7dé n7na?
Lézem 2jtimé3 haljum3a.  Min fi hon?
Predicting, f*** idiot, is noy postdicting.
Religion is a problem. How about the Parsis in India? Most successful community ever. That's a real minority.
Even worse mistake. Radar signal processors have an identifiable spectral stucture.
In 2008 debate told Mountebank @CharlesMurray that in France, Protestants & Jews were ~1% of population, had ~ share of Nobels & wealth. Are French Protestants a different race?  Minorities everywhere fare disproportionately well. Disentangling genes from culture impossible.
I am rather obsessed with peace and commonalities between Turks and Greeks.
Not sure about Rome. We have Levant, Turkey, Greek Islands... Places where civilization started.
That fraud Molyneux made similar racist remarks linking me to the IQ of a presumed "ethnicity". Alt-Right pple tend to suffer from clinically low levels of intelligence.  Incidentally, for these cranks obsessing over race-IQ, East Med genetics haven't changed since the Bronze age pic.twitter.com/qoSHaeRjJa
What do you mean "pretty clearly"? Do you know the stat significance? Do you want to be blocked?
Olive oil specialist trust nobody. Paranoia is the optimal strategy.
Standard error, please.
You are missing large n and large t (time)
Greeks Orth in Lebanon follow the Greek calendar. So dec 25. Armenians in Lebanon follow the Russian calendar.
No. Nonlinearity: Islam may be a condition, but it cannot be a CAUSE if it does affect less than .1% of people. Conflation of necessary and causative.
Define correlation.
No. First Gulf U have almost NO real local students. Second, the Salafi culture bans people from thinking, from childhood. There is NO motivation to think using their brains; find what elders did or would want you to do. Unlike Iran.
The vertical leap is 1-D. Intelligence is zillions of dimensions.
No, CONDITIONING on survivability. Not a predition.  Read last chapter of SITG.
Please don't spread the information.
Lubinski and Benbow is methodologically HORRIBLE.  They did not look at the failures. And most :"achievements" were circular.
It showed 84½  . Any problem with that?
No education there.
Please don't engage that imbecile miller in this discussion he has NO idea what noise means.
In real life are you EVER exposed to these questions? Skin in the game
When I went to finance, I discovered that those who *tawk* about money were the ones who didn't have it, couldn't make it, or wanted a lot more but couldn't get it.  Same problem with IQ. Those who insist on measuring IQ are ... the most stupid.
less than books.
But HE said his tests correlate at 90% with others.
Sorry, ~7%
David, since I follow you you can ask me. Trader full time 21 years, total 34. Income in 1987 an 2008 can be found in public places.  Total income from books: 3% Do not stab people in the back. You can ask directly.
plate
I BAN rank correlation as it misses on payoff.
Worse, I know.
OK, OK, The psychometricians
Western Eurasians, borderline is Caucasus not Bosphorus.
Then PCAs fail as presented.
Even when there is correlation between IQ and performance, it is SWAMPED by noise. Is it me or that psychologists have NO notion of noise? pic.twitter.com/pvENuD8oD8
Phoenician is European, unless you don't call Caucasus/Greece European.
Indeed I am an idiot. If I had "IQ" and brains, I'd work as a hack and blogger like Kevin Drum for Mother Jones.
Arabs have no olive oil, Mediterranean stuff
No. Income correlates with employment, which includes IQ. We are not looking for general level of wealth or ratio wealth/income.
Fat Tony Quotient = Intelligence
National average IQ is BS
We are dealing with regular pple. Everything else being equal. Beside the same applies to these thinkers, etc. IQ doesn't capture their potential.
Not at all. What I show FOR ONE INDIVIDUAL is luck, for a collective less so because of LLN.
No
IQ may correlate (noisily) to Income because of the circularity/employee effect. But it does not correlate to wealth.  What's in a name? "I" should be removed. PsycholobSers have the wrong definition of IQ.
For large data samples it should wash out.
No, see other tweet. Law of large numbers cleans things up.
Fughedabout the statistical buzzwords about "g" and other contraptions.  There is no distinguishable relationships between IQ and nonbureaucratic/academic/companyslave measures such as wealth.  Gabish? pic.twitter.com/tJFSQAZtoX
Indeed:  its center!
It is not "Middle Eastern" but Mediterranean (Eastern)
Don't go by order ("richest"), just plot IQ and wealth for all. Remove heirs.
LEb in not in "MENA" but East Med.
No, Lindy is statistical. The trick is to condition on lack of sickness, just as with insurance life expectancy tables.
You miss that you did not use the word "correlation" which ticks me off coming from psychologists.
Those asking for wine: Ishtar made in Dar b Ishtar (house of Astarte) same name for 3000 years, suburb of Amioun. pic.twitter.com/h27hvqWTmq
Casual evening mezze in Northern Phoenicia. Olives 2000 year old trees. pic.twitter.com/dKHMfvE9FZ
Good point. Problem is the reification of an idea taken into race and policy.
I was replying elsewhere to you that correlations are not trivial when they are not constant. Predictability declines yuuugely under dimensionality.
@sbfaufman Also Try to use the word "correlation" more carefully.
Because you are not getting that it is not predictive.  It is circular for tasks that resemble the test.
what I call academic. Colinearity effects, plus other dependence in variables. You need to realize you can't easily BS in statistics for a long time.
I treat my friends as temporary pre-enemies, my enemies as temporary pre-friends, and my post-friends as permanent enemies.   The Bed of Procrustes
This is BS. You are comparing g in multidimensional space with upper bounds of .3 (and unstable eigenvalues) and selection biases to single dimensional matters that work out of sample. BS.
This is BS. "High complexity= academic" so circularity with standard testing. Other problems
I don't care if he gets a billion followers. I care about my own message spreading.
You want to anger psycholophasters so they say "he is wrong" using long diatribes. Also you want them to say:  "He's arrogant/egomaniac" which on Wall Street used to mean "he is not an idiot". Because if you thought the person was an idiot you would'nt bother saying nothing.
B3atlé lwhatsup taba3ak bil dm iza btrid
I blocked a bunch of psychologists, among whom Geoffrey Miller @primalpoly hoping he would act like a fuming primate banging in his cage after someone snatched his afternoon snack.
The general case for sub-sample correlations. pic.twitter.com/mH7sQdg8a1
So I can imagine Molyneux hit with episodic bouts of anger (gets worse at night): "he blocked me, he blocked me", let me have my revenge... on Youtube.
Actually the result holds when rho-1 = rho2
B2ellak bukra. Iza jit 3a Amioun, akid.
bukra raye7 dghré 3al koura
The answer explains why nonlinear correlation is nontrivial. pic.twitter.com/wIyK3YwCl3
Ana 3at tari2
You good. Very good.
Look at states where X<0 but NOT Y although Y is supposed to be so on average.
I am asking why you are insulting me in my back. No courage to do it to my face?
What you wrote ABOVE. Not the Betas, your comment.
What do you mean by what you just wrote?
"the shortest route between the Real and the Real ..."
FRIDAY QUIZ (rephrased for clarity) pic.twitter.com/kSb9AnykLY
It is surprisingly a VERY useful branch.
Economists are much smarter and manage to get richer.
Something tells me your level is ~70 and IQ would reflect your intelligence.
Plato?
When someone refers to psychology "results" for backup, ask: what is the SINGLE significant result psychologists have discovered that is both correct and not well known (and used) by ancients, used car salespeople, magicians, & swindlers.  Ignore psychologists.  #Lindy.
Different I
The sentence "doesn't hold water" is a (statistically false) statement about the relation between high IQ and success which propagates ignorance.  Advancement of science wd be: "is controversial".
Not quite. You can't use multiverse for serial payoffs with absorbing barrier. See @ole_b_peters
No
Founders of statistical "science" were mathematicians (probability). They understood the properties (& conditions) for tools they designed.  But users of stats are clueless parrots blabbering words like "correlation".  NEVER teach statistics to those who don't know probability.
I can discuss privately.
I gained ~10K followers from the IQ episode.
bejé jm3a ljéyé
Ana raye7 halla2 lyom 3a fini2ia lfaw2a. Fi 7ada honik bi7ebb yékol sabbidéj b7ébro?
Waiting while monitoring may work better since new drugs are hitting the market all the time.
First blunder of 2019: Bought a Medieval Byzantine bio of Saint Symeon the Theologian thinking it was Saint Symeon the Stylite στυλίτης. Took me a while to realize it. pic.twitter.com/A7JSjcZNsE
No. It is CONDITIONAL on survival.
Ghammé!
Not me. Fraud.
Intolerance.
He is insulting us. @yaneerbaryam We need the paper. @RupertRead
Let me know when you convert one of them.
Any distribution that is bell shaped (not uniform with cutoff) has same effect. Because you are correlating with a logit/scaled probit shape.
I fasted 53 days in 2016 (1 per week). Gained 10 kilos (but some from lifting weight)
Explain WHY we need to use a tool outside of clinical development cases. To employ idiots?
Look at the intuiton. Ignore the 100 and center at 0. For all bell-shaped probability distribution (anything that integrates to 1 and has the properties), you get ordered samples as below. If you don't there is no convergence. pic.twitter.com/fjQZ1Pxmzt
Close, but isn't this weird? My point all along: local correlation messes up averaging.
No your example requires a probability distribution to have a left mean. I assumed Gaussian as stated in my example (2nd tweet). For the Gaussian left mean is 10^p Sqrt[2/\pi]
I said unconditional is -sqrt(2/pi) How do you compete downside correlation? Write down the definition of correlation.
Correlation here is Sqrt[2/\pi], no?
Thanks. If there is any math around it, let me know. Thanks.
Psychologists have the illusion that I am writing this critique of IQ for them. No. Never argue theology w/a Salafi Sheikh.  Psychologists are the losers in & out of campus.  I am writing to expose the lack of rigor of these "metrics" to "intelligent" scientists & Fat Tonies.
The best map fallacy in The Technical Incerto, Vol 2.  Geoff Miller is clueless. pic.twitter.com/bs4oqMRTVp
WOuld it then correlate .5 unconditionally? You need some elementary schooling.
Ignore the exact definition. Assume it is Gaussin (it isn't).
Hello @StuartJRitchie, can you answer the following? Feel free to ask the geniuses in psychometrics.  IQ below 100 correlates at 90% with performance IQ above 100 correlates at 10% with performance What's the correlation IQ to performance?
What is the correlation there? Assuming they know how to compute it.
En general détesté par les economistes pas les scientifiques purs
"who always put other people down".  BS vendors are not ALL other people.
The answer is in the graph. At the limit pic.twitter.com/uDLV5xqU9B
It is already not normal here.
Still wrong.
Corrected pic.twitter.com/jA5Nhgn1Xn
rho is the correlation
Typos pic.twitter.com/eyBiiUhL5g
later term is ½ which cancels out. The solution is more complicated.
HINT: partial correlation includes a statement about the mean. (No psycholophaster-psychometrician saw something that elementary) pic.twitter.com/1zmoUX3ylD
Wrong, again
Because you are not skilled enough to get that my IQ simulations are between a put and a market.
Assume to simplify that both IQ and performance are Gaussian.
A Quiz for IQ "researchers". Something elementary. pic.twitter.com/tqhdt9CDDU
Did you ever see a sucker measure the correlation betw a put and the market?
A more pedagogical way for you, Adam, to get it: Can you talk about the "correlation" between a put and the stockmarket? You can't because of nonlinearity. My graphs are EXACTLY a put struck below 100 +- time value and noise.
No, local correlation != stochastic correlation. Much like local vol!= stochastic vol. Look at my graph at bottom. Also it violates ellipcality. And PCAs become problematic for "g".
My point is PRECISELY that IQ allows to screen for unskilled pple in the absence of other information, such as the person making this comment misinterpreting my idea.
Heteroskedastic means stochastic std. Here we have local correlation.  Means you can never have rho without x.
No, that’s not stochastic covariance.
Show me that point in Stat 101. Go ahead.
I don't randomly call people "imbeciles" publicly. Only when they claim "someone doesn't know what he is talking about " when it turns out that they don't know what THEY are talking abt.  Singal is done. He got pretty much everything wrong, from conscientiousness to correlation pic.twitter.com/DsKZmpl3Ro
I go with Mangan's measure.
I dedicated one book (The Black Swan) to   Benoit Mandelbrot, "a Greek among Romans"  another (Skin in the Game) to   Ron Paul, "a Roman among Greeks".
Yes, I enjoy it. Any problem?
Actually, in everything: citations per scientist, audience, etc. All fat tailed.
I do not disagree. I disrespect. Very different.
If you think fat tails don't have a statistical signifance... go ahead...
Maybe but I enjoy it.  Is it a problem?
Actually Nate Silver is being a bullshit vendor again, as per profession. He doesn't know my IQ and debunking his BS doesn't mean I think I am a supergenius.
I know Paul, but here showing the failure of the BEST argument for IQ.
Actually Paul, above 100. The residual correlation comes from the noise.
Great, Dan. Further, Dan in this case R^2 is no longer acceptable because Gauss-Markov no longer holds. Variable correlation means errors no longer Gaussian. There is no R^2.
Actually below 100.
Imbecile Singal, a second chance. Explain this sentence. And try to read and mull before posting on a topic when you are ignorant of probability. (Sorry if I call you Imbecile, but it is difficult for me to suffer fools) pic.twitter.com/EkKkEvvh8T
So you cannot define correlation in this context, can you?
There is no roughly speaking. Define Correlation with precision. And show its application,
I owe you 2 Euros worth of Kebbe.
I rewrote it for less intelligent people to interpret correctly. If they can.
You seem more clueeeeeless than I thought.  Define correlation between variables X and Y. And you did not even correct your misinterpretation of conscienciousness.
Now imbecile Singal, argue from this. pic.twitter.com/fM7HwnEQNR
Imbecile Singal, I will help you a bit.  Explain HOW a correlation that is not constant works. Something basic.  Thank you.
Imbecile Singal, debunk the mathematical argument, if you can. And I am not saying IQ measures consciencousness.  Debunk the math.
You don't.
An IQ of 136 didn't help you resist putting a n=1 anecdote.
You mean >165?
No
Can you go give unsollicited advice to someone else who care about your opinion?
Of course. So long as you are dealing with large sums. I tried the multivariate binomial: becomes huuugely burdensome
Starting 2019 with a paper in ... genetics I worked on while arguing with the IQ idiots. pic.twitter.com/PvZ90fu6Yu
worse
Probability poses inequalities. Different
It is not "instructional" but a MATHEMATICAL PROOF that non constant correlation produces no g.
It is lambda'
If correlation doesn't work, g shd fare much worse (since it is based on a higher dimensional version of it). It is explicit in the previous tweet where eigenvalues will be fiction. "g" is total BS. Can you fix? NO.
NEVER talk about correlation  1) if you are a psychologist [they are klueless]  2) when there is nonlinearity such as IQ and performance.  You can have 80% correlation with "performance" when it is 0 for positive performance, & high for negative. Compare to "SAT" and see the BS. pic.twitter.com/E7fQ9jL2iM
lecktchures μου είναι τις Δευτέρες
Le verbe escompter (de sconto) est aussi irrégulier.
Μπρούκλιν
Που είναι αυτό?
Maybe generational? My days we memorized Ronsard and read Rabelais.
But some exceptions in the opposite direction: estampe used to be pronounced étampe, now  es-tampe.
If you are using IQ of 0 vs 130 you do better. This is BS reasoning.
Xronia polla, Theodosius o Ehdenitis!
Even then the selection of what they are measuring is arbitrary and NEEDS to map to something we use. Why not measure the brain's capacity to see ghosts?
The diphthong in streyné resembles old French "ei"
Be-strayné (Happy New Year in Lebanese)  Odds are, from its pronunciation, it came from *Estreine*, medieval French. As I cannot find it in Sabir and Med Lingua Franca, high probability it came from the Crusaders.  @QifaNabki @PhDniX @Safaitic pic.twitter.com/LvoZEfObSl
They don't predict job performance.
No.
Happy 2019 everybody.  Hope the new year delivers to you something you highly deserve but were too humble, too thoughtful, and too realistic to dare to wish for it.
I have nothing to do with this
et pas le catalan, juste l’espagnol elementaire
Langues classiques (invl arameéen) plus toutes langues du bassin med sauf le turc et l’ albanais
11- Year in Review  2018: Started replying to intrusive, lenghty & boring emails in Italian, especially when the sender is not Italian.  2019: Will try Greek or Latin.
No. Leatherbound
Indeed since it is BY DEFINITION subjective
I can understand someone saying "listen, I love strangers but I am more comfortable w/my nationality, shared values" (homophily) or "neighbors get along better than rommates" (fractal localism). But making "others" genetically "inferior" using IQ "science" is quite sinister.
Masi7iyyé 3a 3id ras-l sené.
A lot of false positives
The Nahdha modeled MSA after that of Qasida, not even muwashsha7at.
You are both saying the same thing. We don't know the brain well (opaque), we don't know the world well (deep uncertainty). Worse: we can't get the interaction well.
Emanuel, trying to redefine the "g".
F***king hypocrite; Molyneux @StefanMolyneux thinks he can manage to keep posting strings showing lower "IQ" for Africans + heritability of IQ, catering to a Nordist supremacist following...  ...yet claim this is not racist so he doesn't get banned from social media.   Hypocrite. pic.twitter.com/LajdHGUepl
An intelligent "current IQ" test is one that maximum number of successful pple (Gell-Mann, Feynman, Buffett, plumbers happy w/their lives, Musk, Umb. Eco) ace, & maximum number of unsucessful ones (bureaucrats, journalists, pple in jail) flunk, revised as environment changes.
BS
How about the Birkenstocks?
Can someone explain how the psycholophasters got the IQ of Goethe, Einstein? By retro-testing? And stats for IQ of math/physicists? Selfreporting bias? I don't know one mathematician who knows his/her IQ.  Only IQ of physicist we know is Feynman's (126 as he fluncked Mensa).
...which was largely built in Syria until the 7th C.
Paul, Herodotus as  a f***ckg reference? I can't find the passages where he put Indians and Ethiopians in the same category and described a tribe that had ears that reached the floor...
Mikhail, Deadlifts are Lindy
These ignoramuses aren't read enough to know the "una faccia una razza" concept or modern genetics or even basic ancient history: The Northern Europeans only became part of the story after Christianity & Charlemagne...
That was what I tried to convey to that hawker-mountebank Charles Murray @charlesmurray when he wrote his gerrymandering book on how the "West" was great, redefining West as whatever has been recently successful.
Actually the French are Germanics (North of Avignon) who speak a Latin lang., the Phoeniciens & Assyrians were largely Anatolians/Armenians "Indo Europeans" who spoke a Semitic lang... Point is that languages don't have a crisp genealogy, no real tree.
I find these comparisons by @StefanMolyneux insensitive, silly, and failing basic introspective recursion. Someone from Babylon/Ancient Egypt/The Med/China could have, at some point, made similar comparisons entailing Northern Europeans. Then look what happened after 1600. pic.twitter.com/LJbUCqNwo2
Eric, if that is "erudite", what does it do to people like Umberto Eco? Or in political science/culture Jon Elster or John Gray? The notion erudite should not be devalued.
Imbecile I said it was him; his obsession with the genetic inferiority of Africans.
Eric, BTW you called @charlesmurray an erudite. Why on earth? Don't you know what erudition means?
This is the kind of follower base @StefanMolyneux seems to unleash. Previously, I didn't think it was repesentative of his ideas but I saw him post something bothersome. pic.twitter.com/0bZpwvZHch
Meta: no revolution really works as intended. American revolution was not a revolution.
And in Cicero and in Seneca....
Cela a l’air vrai, non?
Not even white collar work
Only in a predictable world
No, you trumpet it to make others learn about sophistry.
Kongrats!
I used the general case f(x) but a sigmoid works fine.
Actually it is worse. g uses the average factor when there is convexity so it overestimates the fit overall, even at yuuuge samples.
No, sorry but I am ignoring him. Please do not involve me in that stupidity.
Marshmallowbrain, reply to my technical tweet on PCA.
Imbecile.
No. Horsepower is measurable.
Looks like I am about to block Molyneux
31-  Technical point: why the PCA behind the "g" is tooooooootally BS when correlation is not constant. Their math is entertainemnet.  And indeed psycholophasters DON'T get it. This is the shape of the proof, more details to fill in. pic.twitter.com/MnLxxB1kMN
Why the "g" is BS as correlation is not constant pic.twitter.com/5rs5lFVyku
Why I am blocking @sentientist   Because of course if you disagree with psychology there is something wrong with you. pic.twitter.com/eW1lsL0v6s
General “intelligence” feom pca across traits
Imbecile you don’t get the asymmetry.
Income is NOT predicted by IQ and if IQ predicta academic failure it is NOT predicted by academic performance.
You can’t get the “g” anymore
Nothing rule out that people can raise their scores by training.
Then why do you need IQ if you have the SAT?
Look at my tweets about asymmetry. If correlation is not constant across states it is not a correlation
Big 5 works even worse.
It's not that IQ doesn't just capture intelligence, but that these metrics (behind the PCA) are pure statistical hogwash, largely becomes circular & overfit.  And my point is that psychologists don't seem to get probability & don't know it. That is a more severe problem.
Overlap
The tails give you properties you should NEVER ignore.
Rounding
Eric, you are a smart person. I am not discarding "good evidence", but anecdote or naive empiricism. Meanwhile I've blocked Murray upon noticing a few disturbing things.
I don't know how computationally easy to go from Cholesky => Matrix, compared to Matric =>Cholesky
DATA SCIENCE TRICK DU JOUR: How to make a random covariance/correl matrix that is positive definite? pic.twitter.com/rU4n0LBuij
No
Infinite dimensional vector.
Are you in Tehran? Can you tweet from there?
This is psychoBullshit
Core.
Connecticut has no debt and no income tax. They they had income tax and... about to go bust.
Yes, Homo abilis was racist. He wasn't vegetarian. Retroactive bigotteering has a problem: no end point. Which is why there is an ethical statute of limitations. But if someone was MORE racist than OTHERS in his day, needs to be mentioned.
It would be a monologue. We agree 100% except that I use mathematics.
ma7alliyét l ta7tlfo2
A7la: Ta7tlfo2 Ma7alliyyé
Fi kélmét 7lwé: dwaylé (small state, stateling, for Canton) localism: ma7alliyé, idara ma7alliyé bottom-up: lma7alliyyé l siyésiyyé w l tijariyyé...
l lebnéné byékhod kélmét min barra, mitl ma 3melna ma3 l 3arabé.
My scalability problem Next book pic.twitter.com/PJw7gAraqp
Greaaaat! Lésh mush bil-lbnéné? Illo iza baddo sé3éd. Ahamm shi "bottom up localism".
Has nothing to do with "tax cuts for the rich". I block idiots.
How PCAs degrade under Fat Tails.  I share code for everything in book.  Since then function Random[ ] became RandomVariate[Distribution,{c,r}] pic.twitter.com/ngH1GEMKCG
No system ever survived debt. Babylonians -> Romans -> Catholicism -> Islam. They all understood it.
My specialty is risk of fire & insulation of material, not firefighting. Now it is too late. I warned everyone earlier, 2000-2008. Hopefully this will cause LOCALISM, decentralization, municipalities taking matters their own hand as central gov is too incompetent by design.
You don't get that 50% unreliability means 100% unreliable? Did you EVER do science?  No, from my own P value hacking paper. The 50% is generous.
Phoenician
I squat about half what I deadlift, by design. Squat with weight is not Lindy, not as natural as dl.
They use a vertical form of Nestorian Syriac. pic.twitter.com/8rKA128bwn
"Semitic" I can see that Turoyo stayed unmixed and Levantine/others mixed with Nabataean/Safaitic/etc. & co-evolved with Arabic.
Of course they are close to one another, in proportion to geography.
Great point. So why do you call them "Arabic" dialects? Not some other designation "Schmarabic", etc.?
No, just @WolframResearch Mathematica and by me.
math pic.twitter.com/j4VviHoBDw
g if you look closely is nothing but weaaaaaaak correlated stuff, mde worse by dimensionality and massaged data.
For race. Big deal for an agenda.
I showed mathematically in Tech book that immediate “gratification” is a direct function of uncertainty (abt future, credibility of presenter, valuation, contractual fuzziness).  This is great.
Isn't it about ethnology?
You also get a Greek dinner with ouzo.
1- SOME science works != ANY science works 2- SCIENCE != scientism  Scientific charlatans (GMOs, psychology, IQ, etc.) use the prestige of science and present something cosmetically close.
Only if you come as a guest speaker. All expenses covered, of kourse.
I smuggle chalk, but don't tell anyone.
Preparing for a new fall course at NYU @nyutandon called "Data science, Fragility, & Extremes", Mondays 6-8 PM. About 50% is from my new technical book, 50% themes within Data science. pic.twitter.com/rZ1fd2l9JT
Nobody, young global localist, uses IQ with those who prove theorems.
8- Year in Review (cont) To be ethical in 2019, do each of the following repeatedly.  a- Invite someone who has no friends to lunch b- Make a rent-seeking BS vendor uncomfortable (if you can, really uncomfortable) c- Help someone in needs of funds but is not asking for help
But then ANY test would work.
The fellow does "intelligence research".
Justement la page jointe!
Merci Editions Belles Lettres @BellesLettresEd pour ce dictionnaires de françois médiéval!  Beaucoup plus riche que le français moderne ... et le secret de Fréderic Dard.  le dictionnaire est fait...par Takeshi Matsumura, de l'université de... Tokyo. pic.twitter.com/GAw7Ztr4b1
Performance does best.
"thought" is not the same as height.
It was at the second time. I was very very patient with him.
We have Lindy man @PaulSkallas working on it. For my part there is the Green Lumber fallacy.
Une connaisseuse de Julien Clerc.
Flawed heuristic & you forget Cochran asked me to go buy a book. And he can't get dimensionality. Mediterraneans aren't supposed to be mellow.
You mean sold to nonprofits/government from lobby groups?
True. And teckné & epistemé are both noetic.
People who complain that my explanations are difficult shd follow someone else, or read the NYT. Blocked him for his own benefit.
I suggest for his own sake he doesn't.
Nobody is discarding: people are hyping it up as metric when in fact at best, reaaaaally best it explains <20%. Circularity is worse than hacking here.  The problem is that such crap is sold to the public for hiring & racial discrimination.
Focus on Pan Phoenician commonalities, pleaaaase
Please stop arguing.
The language of the New Testament and early church.
Note that I did not call Murray a charlatan (although we all see he is obviously one) to not weaken a libertarian.
Akid, lamma ejé. Inta émtin btkhlas?
Productive
Charlatan my friend is not ad hominem.
No. Take the massaging effect.
29- Note Charles Murray, @charlesmurray, is responding to these with series of ad hominem attacks (I mean really ad hominem).  I will retaliate by sticking to the science.
Even then you need to clean-up cross correlations which would make it explode.
28-CURSE OF DIMENSIONALITY  A flaw in the attempts to identify "intelligence" genes. You can get monogenic traits, not polygenic (note: additive monogenic used in animal breeding is NOT polygenic). The problem to some extent affect the "g" in IQ studies as it is multifactorial. pic.twitter.com/87weAlkplt
Yuuuge. His book is the clearest .
He knew practically everything.
Interesting anecdote: when I learned linear algebra, it was "algèbre linéaire" in French, and wondered if it was called that way because it dealt w/sytems of eq. in lines (hence vector spaces hence matrices) or because of linear transformations. Nobody could answer me.
I agree. Lebanese is part of the larger family North Levantine. NeoKan3ané.
"broken down into subcategories" means adhoc-ism  Gabish?
Thanks. But for what exactly?
Isaac Levi, philosopher and probabilist, intellectual giant, RIP   Few people in the past 2000 years went as deep into probability as you did.  It was greatest luck to have met you.  Ad vitam aeternam. pic.twitter.com/2iuU6jAuiC
Footnote, Science 101: Observable doesn't necessarily mean something you can see with your eyes, something you can detect (using an instrument/proxy) with a CONVERGING error rate (e.g. subatomic particles). We don't observe the temperature but detect w/\epsilon error.
Murray, linear algebra IS matrix algebra. Is Wikipedia down where you live?
Scholars have in all societies spoken a different language. Jabal 3amel spoke a language closer to Aramaic then than today. cc:@961Aleh @HsenAndil
No, I read @Steve_Sailer as he is diplomatic.
Ignore him I blocked him for sophistry.
Part of my book
Machine Learning and Fat Tails Transcribed my M4 lecktchur @spyrosmakrid: the new nonlinear regression more effective than the old one pic.twitter.com/9JYQEzwqal
As Karl Popper said about psychoanalysis they always come up for an explanation for failure, then ad-hoc the crap out of it. Or blame you for not knowing psychology or having narcissistic tendencies or problems with your mother.
You can always leave psychology and get a real job.
In other words they are not observable. Arguments for charlatans. Psychometrics make astrology more scientific than psychology
Sorry but I block idiots.
Yes. Not even wrong.
There were no tomatoes at the time, my friend.
These people I blocked on twitter: I do effectively consider that homeopathy has iatrogenics outside of 1.5 sigma ailments and never applies there.
Height is measurable/transitive/monotone. IQ is not a measure.
It's not uncivil to tell someone patronizingly "go read a book"?
No, idiot, it is for saying "go read a book" when I have actually read that crap.
vertical jump is REAL world. Patterns on a computer screen are NOT.
You need to redo these studies. I blocked the race-driven fellow.
You cannot separate a TRAIT from the use of that trait & its payoff. Otherwise you would rank highly some weird ability that has no mapping whatsoever.  The IQ lit foundations is mapping to real world, & real world is in payoff.
Cochran, stop BULLSHITTING and assuming "haven't read". One of my offspring was enrolled. Now go away unless you modify your "go read". Fucking marshmallow brained pseudoscientist.
You automatically assume that I am not familiar with the studies. Is this an IQ trait ?
But with stocks correl increases for very large up moves (or longer sampling period).  Not with IQ.
"Studies" in psychology need to be redone.
See lower in the thread.
He is emotional
Emanuel have you seen how I applied your "local volatility" to "local correlation"?
Fat Tony: "suckers see patterns, wiseguys see where there are none".
I deleted my tweets ag.  @davidgraeber (the only tweets I've deleted in past years since autodelete).  I wanted to convey a strong message, prevent arbitrary petitions (having myself been the victim of a Monsanto initiated petition), not weaken him.
"One of the key elements of IQ tests is pattern recognition"... WHICH PATTERNS? On a computer screen?
Buy @WolframResearch Mathematica. Play with it for a year. Simulate Monte Carlo stuff.  cc: @SwedeWhite
The INTELLIGENCE required to NOT make certain mistakes is the right intelligence. Before tweeting ,High IQ anonymous person, do some thinking.
That's worse.
Fraud.
Mocking bureaucrats w/o SITG
Chris don't argue with a barber about haircuts.
Except more stupid.
For once you have an honest nonrentseeking professor stating against his own interest and those of a profession. These are the real profs!
εν αρχη ην ο λογος και ο λογος ην προς τον θεον και θεος ην ο λογος λογος -> منطق
Shd not be “word” but Logos which in Syrian Greek means consciousness.
Derek as you can see the entire enterprise here is skepticism. See if you can improve on my graphs.
Put things in context. The guy is a charlatan and he is playing games. Maybe I misunderstood last tweet but not his intentions.
I thought you would find classic definitions of intelligence, rationality, etc.
There is practically NOTHING that you can teach anyone except how to be a parasite rent seeking on society while living off charity. NOTHING.
Skalas, time to turn on Lindy here.
Mi stai seriamente giudicando dalla mia educazione? Ciarlatano! You want to see my high school?
He is not getting that the NBA is ludic (specific goal), real life is high dimensional with unknown variables ex ante --even science, to some extent.
No. See my thingy on P Value. It is worse for g because errors for factors compound. Had a section on factor analysis error but psychologists were too stoopid to get my p value issue.
Nando, the fact that the correlation collapses away from 70 tells you the measurement is not a measurement, even not counting the massagin. Come to my Monday class. And sell tweets 17-18
You are not counting how many people with IQ>130 cannot do any astrophysics, no matter how hard they tried.
Idiot, this is not about mean but variance.
No, look above 100
Correlation depends on something, is not constant.
Interesting. Where is that thread?
Not yet for that one.
I will. I am collecting remarks so far.
I've been "betrayed" by only 3 people I thought were social "friends" in past 15 years: they attack you publicly w/o first contacting you privately.  The 3 are psychologists, coincidence.  Also except for Gigerenzer, almost all psychs I've encountered have some mental issues.
No, his math doesn't work because of preasymptotics/tails. All BS and you can pinpoint where exactly.
Slavery is Lindy. It changes names.
John, refreshing to have a physicist.  The rule of thumb: if a metric explains less than 1- x% of the variance, it is not a metric. In physics the x can be as low as 10^14. In engineering, often <10^5.  In psychology often >75% of the variations come from variance.
I agree. Bring it back to philosophy. Because it is not science by any yardstick, 99% closer to pseudoscience.
Metrics in engineering are metrics. Psychology is BS. Not a single psychologist thought of redefining correlation when it is state dependent.
Once you granularize there are no more “sets of measure 0” games
Simon I was talking abt you saying pple who do complexity understand nonlinearities and interaction but not psycholophasterd.
I am trying to get rid of idiots like you. Anything wrong with it?
Peterson I said psycho”metrics is about a nonlinear pseudometric that shows mostly how dumb someone is.  Try another question & make it “intelligent”.
Sums can be the same, no?  Otherwise you need to put another condition.
Not practicality. Complexity.
It didn't hit you that I was nice to people who don't mess with me?
Im agree, just taking their most favorable assumptions.
bil yunéné sta3mél ésmé lyunéné!
Try again
No
OK, muted her.
Binomial converges to 2/3 as n grows
En esperant casser la croute en 2019.
Thanks PD I learned from you about seed oil & avoid them now like the pest (non #Lindy).
2/3
But, "el Tata" for powerlaws, correlation increases in tails (tail dependence), opposite here. The first thing we tell trainees in trading is to leave correlation to academics, use more sophisticated "piece-wise association"
I read the paper. Junk. Severe methodological errors/massaging. And ignorant of successes; Many people who are failures (VP in an inv bank is 3 years out of B School, not age 40). Managing $83 mil in Assets is below breakeven. Paper in fact shows correlation drops in right tail. pic.twitter.com/K7Ay6eKBuR
Claire, read the last part of the thread. A correlation that varies with the level is not a correlation. So it would drop if you remove bad performance, depending on sample size.
If in fact you can improve IQ by studying/preparation, then the measure is even weaker. And it looks like 10 points are easily gotten but need to check. Plus the Flynn effect adds to the issue.
NO but someone who is an employee BUT wants to be free has a lower performance than someone free.
Merry Christmas my friends! pic.twitter.com/xCCQxbGJuT
Exactly. Test as the French do for SPECIFIC taks.
Someone who deadlifts 400 lbs shd do well lifting a suitcase 100% of the time.
17- A graph that shows the synthesis of my opinion on IQ and the "reseasrch" results about it. pic.twitter.com/xZZFn4xNJB
Meanwhile his work...
I am not angry. I am just an as***hole.
Miller, you should get off twitter. Because indeed I will not let go now that I saw you have no friends & shd have none. Had you contacted me privately it wd have been OK. But you can fuck with someone once per lifetime.  Gabish?
"Reputable" : nobody is fooled.
You mean embarrassing for psycholophasters?
You don't need IQ for assessment of the left tail (people bordering on special needs). Any metric would be successful there.
What you have here is no interaction, just additivity for these traits.
Reverse engineering is much harder under combinatorics.
Something that "already works"... enjoy your evening.
Yes, Smoky, there is no dimensionality problem in animal breeding. The dimensionality problem is in multifactor DNA analysis.
Ah! Then please show how you compute the standard error.
You barged in into my comment on DNA analysis/curse of dimensionality, not externally observed traits, without knowing what you are talking about.
No you won't. To get the answer from DNA you may need a sample > 10^20 except for monogenic. But you can heuristically work as you are doing by categorizing traits. My point is critiquing DNA analysis for "intelligence". This is what Cochran doesn't seem to grasp.
Not what I was discussion & Cochran barged into. My point is that if I gave you n DNA of populations (n sample size ) and you shd give me the relation between the genes and the traits, from DNA, what is your standard error?
Cochran, to repeat the courtesy, someone who doesn't see the difference between animal breeding & dimensionality problems (polygenic/factor extraction) isn't someone to bother discussing anything with, because these can't be learned by "reading a book".
Nobody is contesting that. But it doesn't make IQ a numerical measure.
It helps better in a falling market than long the linear. Think before tweeting.
Full stat: -Categories with same success conditional on no IQ>160 -Count people in category IQ>160 without success  How does that differ from Harvard college school of 19xx?
Interesting: what is the "correlation" w/success compared to "lower" IQ categories (controlling for education, socioeconomic, etc.)?  Look at "corporate sector" compared to a run of the mill MBA.  For a measure to be effective, tail correlation needs to be HIGHER than mean ones.
Geoff, to pay you back in your own currency, I respect your research but you know nothing about the real world. Stop tweeting anything related to the real world.
I am very very rude. I am very high on the "rudeness quotient" "RQ". Is it a problem?
Mr Le Renard I block pple for sophisty/lack of logical rigor.
I would mostly predict that you don't understand my point nor measure, nor IQ. For a measure to be a measure it needs to be unique.
No, wisdom is OBSERVABLE. But not from a verbal test. From real life outcomes.
Most certainly. In left extremes.  The rest, like almost all psychology is nice bullshit.
Actually more data comes with more noise when you increases variables rather than data per variable.
No
This is precisely the fallacy psychologists fail to get. A negative measure (assuming it works) is not a positive measure.
I don't like it when someone says insultingly "you know nothing about" something without even considering whether I have done my homework.
Never said it was meaningless. Outside of left tail, uninformative for real life. But marketed as something real.
He fails to get that it is PRECISELY as a quant that I doubt the metric. I've almost never seen a HIGH IQ quant survive, not blow up on tail events. Almost never.
No
Bingo pic.twitter.com/kZEVpj0qTx
Geoff I am acquainted with the research but not more than the standard references. However you have NO IDEA about the real world to get what I am saying.
27 firms not just LTCM
The other problem, Geoffrey, is that you do not know probability to realize when research is stretched/mined.
You are expressing yourself like an imbecile, Geoffrey. I've read your crap on IQ, you shd refrain from writing w/o thinking.
You didn't get it. You can't use a measure of delayed development with precision for comparisons.
Not sure good programmers score well.
Try again...
That test turned out to be fake news.
Means test is wrong. Very conceivable
All IYIs have high IQ doesn't mean High IQ-> IYI.  Gabish?
No, look at my comment on hurdles.
Not quite. Correlation is about 50% and there is a HURDLE: they hire people with some school qualifications for a school job.
2- It takes a certain type of person to waste intelligent concentration on classroom/academic problems. These are lifeless bureaucrats who can muster sterile motivation.  Some people can only focus on problems that are REAL, not fictional textbook ones. pic.twitter.com/Cs8LlNPgEO
"IQ" THREAD  "IQ" measures an inferior form of intelligence, stripped of 2nd order effects, meant to select paper shufflers, obedient IYIs.  1- When someone asks you a question in REAL LIFE, you focus first on "WHY is he asking me that?", which slows down. (Fat Tony vs Dr John)
Point is that correlations in studies without cohort (real world tracking) count for 0.
Where?
Not in Gaussian fields
Will show derivations tomorroe
I accept that sports matter and draw a lot of people. And that heredity matters for some functions. But the tail is well... the tail. 90% and 99.9% of life lie by definition outside of the near and far tail respectively.
Yes I corrected terminology further down. Was longitudinal.
wrong classification
Psychologists teaching you abt "intelligence" is like choirboys teaching you racketeering, turtles teaching you flying, or nuns teaching you how to rob a bank.  Remember they live off charitable contributions or, worse, state support.  #Skininthegame
Let's tawk sometimes as there got to be some general methodological/historiographical statement: a bias in transmission & how to deal w/it. @DrCirillo & I patched the pbm by bootstrap across 2^n histories. There got to be something better.
OK, having played cop with @davidgraeber now I can safely support him in *some* of his missions.
Sorry, I mean longitudinal. You can't cherrypick.
Have nothing fried. No mayonaise. Simplifies 90%
Yes figured out to minimize.
7- Year in Review (cont)  The passing of @CutTheKnotMath: every Saturday morning I feel his absence, as my routine was to solve one of his puzzles. He was generous, patient, & committed to mathematics done right.  We'll finish his "Probability Riddles" book.  @SvetlanaBogom13
No, Marshmallow brain: someone saying "doesn't know much" is not constructive criticism.
Actually, even combinatorical, can be factorial in some cases!
Any hurdle raises mean hence correlation. His entire book is statistical crap but it is very very clear in outlining the "state of the art", like a good master's thesis.
It doesn't log, rather exponentiates
Cowardly
No, never. Is there a textbook you recommend?
He should hurry because I am about to block him for sophistry.
you mean with a response in kind?
Takes correlation of existing pple in profession w/IQ (even assuming no bias & stats were replicable). Now take a cohort of "high IQ" pple and correlation with a category called "failure". What does it show? pic.twitter.com/Xv6P1gcSDg
No, marshmallow brain. That study is a controlled experiment. Others are correlative/ epi style.
Now. Here.
If my memory serves well, your book has plenty of BS very naive statistically: 1) conflating polygenetic and monogenetic inference as if the former could work, 2) section "intelligence in the brain".
Or stuff Richie is talking about without knowing anything about probability.
BS: Stereotypes produce false truths, mental biases, tools for idiots to use. Representativeness.
This is NOT what the ad hominem problem is about. Conflict of interest IS NOT AD HOMINEM.
Jonathan, @TamarHaspel is a Monsanto shill.
The real non-datamined (i.e. w/potential cherrypicking)  IQ study is the Terman study. Shows "geniuses" fare no better (or only slightly better, there was a debate) than socioeconomic peers.  Epi-style studies in Medicine are now rejected (85% don't replicate). Only cohort.
This remark is absurdly misplaced in the discussion.
No
Let's keeo "tawking" we all seem to be looking at putting some rigor in that historical mess.
I was present duting the Lebanese civil war. I saw how numbers were concocted. Didn't realize it was a structural bias.  A UN agency was caught boosting numbers for deforestation so they can get funding. Same with refugees in Leb./death in Syria. pic.twitter.com/JGK3121Wul
He arabises. Instead of "baddon" he write "baddhon" etc.
The entire idea is inter-arrival times are too long to make meaningful statements as presented. However we are now finding evidence that past numbers might be suspicious and exaggerated, more than recent ones past 1900. Doing some genetics to estimate bias.
Paul (if I may), the discussion for us has less to do with drop of violence, and more to do with statistical significance/ sampling error. @DrCirillo
Marshmallowbrain, that's sampling error.
Interestingly, look at the genetics of "Ashkenazis" and you will see it's not a homogeneous group. Actually crazily spread out on a PCA map.
Monsanto organized a petition against me to shame NYU for having me and I will make sure NOBODY is in that position.
No, I just like skepticism.
Anything to help free expression/Claire.
I largely agree with @davidgraeber on race science. But that is not what irritated me in this whole thing. cc:@john_f_hamer
I will let you guess my answer concerning Murray and Herrnstein.
Terman, to start. I did my own.
To me a bureaucrat is anyone on a salary, not free.
"IQ" is an arbitrary metric (say like length of the index finger), overoptimized, predictive of school grades, success as bureaucrat but not in the wild/entrepreneurship. But the irony is those focused on the IQ of "races" ("bell curve") seem to have a lower IQ scores themselves!
Yes. That is a tail event in one dimension. Like running a 100 meters dash in a competition. But origin can't predict 1) how one fares on something that has 000s of dimensions, 2) how indiv A would cross the street as compared to indiv B.  Life has toooo much sampling error.
Claire, diseases are tail events, hence you will see differences in population more saliently. But in regular life it is just swamped by noise.
Gareth, thank you for buying my books (I assume you bought them). This has nothing to do with the subject matter. It has to do with due procedure.
Need to talk. Are you in NY?
LINDY: we get the following:  Survival rate improves past a stage: once you've survived long enough, time works for you even if not power law. This comes straight out of an absorbing barrier model.  Note that absorbing barrier is necessary since death/survival are discrete events pic.twitter.com/1kRK6Btt3t
They ARE
Factually wrong. It is @spyrosmakrid who started the crusade at a dinner in London in 2012 with @bengoldacre
Hi Zhuo, thanks. You are a PhD student and I have been following your remarks. Do you mind looking at the first 100 pages of Technical Incerto? I compensate of course, pending the right papers.
Indeed confusing: "Yalda comes from the Zoroastrian tradition and means birth, the renewal of the sun, and the victory of light over darkness." 1) Is Christmas ALSO a Zoroastrian tradition? 2) Why the Semitic name?
Can be from birth (or rebirth), though stretched. I will let semiticoexperts @PhDniX or @Safaitic chip in.
Maybe @gcochran99 is clueless about statistical overfitting/overreach. A possibility. Nobody is perfect.
6- Year in Review (cont)  Monsanto is no longer.  Bayer that bought Monsanto lost >$40 billion in cap.  The idea that GMO = "science" & Glyphosate = "safe" is going bust as no longer propped up by the propaganda machine.   With the death of Monsanto, victory for science. pic.twitter.com/HxqVFuKXCr
By DEFINITION, Ludic=Games.  Gabish?
Ludic. It has no impact when someone is crossing the street. Noise dominates outside of extremes. Try another example. Something nonludic.
Bil database bét Frangié mannon Salibiyyé. Bil mant2a, bét: Za3tar, 3abdalla, Chidiyé2,  fiyon jizor Salibiyyé.  cc:@zalloua
I can easily understand that someone can hate Donald Trump. But hating Trump more than loving peace is not a morally defensible position.
W 2arman
l zghertéwiyyé!
At some point. all these.
In other words if you do factor analysis (principal component) for CVD, with n independent factors, and say Factor 1 (with has smoking, LDL, age, BP) has 85% of the variance, your CVD risk will be convex to that factor.
This is EXACTLY the multidimensional analog to the convexity statement above.
So SBP is not an *independent* predictor? Since it correlates with CVD it must then have a low correlation at lower levels of CVD, higher otherwise.
What proportion of the population people see have NObel prizes? 1 in 10 million? Not a very smart remark. Read rest of storm.
Nonsense.
7- My take on the Curse of Dimensionality. We've known about it for >30 years yet some idiotic geneticists keep doing multi-genes studies (especially the GMO types).  People in computer science are vastly more aware. Also see "computational irreducibility" by Wolfram. pic.twitter.com/i6LDLri6Pb
Unlikely as the name comes from Antioch down and initially meant to correspond to the Greek-speaking population.
I have a lot of friends over there.
6- Attempts by some to identify "intelligence genes" reveals statistical incompetence:  for monogenic traits/mutations we can identify genes, for >  there is a CURSE OF DIMENSIONALITY meaning we need a yuuuuge sample of >10^30 people to have an idea about multivariate properties.
Actually, that average was cherrypicked
Notice the " "
5- The problem with "liberals" tagging to someone an identity/race/category to minoritify is that it makes race salient so you end up particularizing the general. Humans have zillions of dimensions & it gets absorbed into a category.
No. Statistically naive.
4- Aside from LLN, idiots make claims abt the distribution of maxima from individuals. As I wrote in TBS, if all terrorists were Sunni Salafis, only ~ 0.0001 of Sunni Salafis are terrorists meaning you are wasting statistical time discriminating ag single individuals.
Yes, statistical overreach. 1) Data mining: you find a trait that diverges the most among n possible traits/measures. 2) Statistical flaw: comparing populations with different means... and different variances/skewness. Those with lower mean are less Gaussian.  Gabish?
1- What people don't get about "race" ≠ or "heritability" of traits: even it these were true & not fabrications, they wd be dominated by IDIOSYNCRATIC differences. If pple from Mars had an "IQ" lower than earth by 5%, w/variance you wouldn't see it in ANY 2-paired individuals.
They followed the Romans (Byzantines). They actually were the Romans.
Northern Europe has high social trust
Yes, plenty. Mostly on timing.
 pic.twitter.com/IlitbtgNWz
Lavana, pls remove me as I blocked that moron.
3- There is a category of bubblegumheads (say @jaketapper ) who not only overgeneralize but misgeneralize on top: say turning the pullout in Eastern Syria as a US vs Putin. Quite insulting for the citizens there with #skininthegame
 pic.twitter.com/l0nu2kQcIG
There has been an epidemic of generalizing every tiny individual & particular conflict in life into something large & systemic, tied to "exploitation", "race", "gender", "colonialism", & ancestral "privilege".  Same pple view the world top-down & see benefits in centralization.
Sven, block idiots.
Horrrrrible form, I kick with knees.
Year in Review 2018 vs plan  1- Was more intransigeant 2- Went to Malta after yeaaaaars of trying 3- pic.twitter.com/2HGVscWm0S
It is high time for Assad to go the Cyprus route.  Ma 7ada 2assam wnedém
makes lhs an average
Depends which expert, of course. #SkinintheGame
My definition:  1- Something is locally Antifragile with respect to a variable x  (that is in a range,  for x ∊ [L, H]) if and only if it has a locally convex response to such variable (i.e. f(x+∆x)+f(x-∆x)> 2 f(x) for all  x ∊ [L, H]). [GAMMA APPROACH] 2- [VEGA APPROACH]
Meanwhile, thank you Twitter @jack for protecting us from "state actors" from Saudi Arabia trying to dig information about us. In my case Saudi Arabia can easily get information about me, they don't need hackers.  This was sent yesterday to pple targeted by the "state actors". pic.twitter.com/08v2Xr3MmG
This thing is BS. I block people who spread that crap.
Only in Southern Syria/ PAlestine
He is providing negative empiricism not selling something.
LOCALISM & SCALABILITY Compare: Greek Cyprus to Greece (in spite of the former's yuuuge problems since 1974) Singapore to China (and or Malaysia) Dubai to what is called "Saudi" Arabia Switzerland to Germany
The highly multiethnic Near East has yuuuuge rituals of courtesy when you meet people. For that reason. You don't see it in areas like rural Greece where people can be gruff.
Bureaucrats. Top down.
Maritime mind
Seulement les regionalistes
Wrong squid ink! it is the sauce, not the pasta, my friend.
Please email and let me know how to take care of it.
down and out
When will you get your visa?
Doesn't go by some random quoting but the social organization of the Med city states. Gabish?
More facts: didn't do OK in 9/11 (markets closed, etc.). But did ok in 1998 crisis and 2008. And mostly 1987.
For all t and delta t
First Mistake: 3 million vs 300k followers
No
#Antifragile
Not exclusively agricultural.
The Nation-State is an agricultural concept made by a ruler to control & better own his peasants. It is highly inimical to the Mediterranean mind. The Polis is a more adapted unit.
What @yhazony calls nationalism is closer to my localism. I just try to make it fractal and highly dimensional.
Ana be2bal bil7arf iza ijét la haydé bass!
III- The US was created to be bottom up, with the Federal Gov taking a residue of spending. But when pple spend (abstract) money that is not theirs, a disproportionate amount of fat grows, & we now have yuuuge money spent on nonsense.
II- From the idea that communism works only on a small scale (if it ever works)=> Taxation, as in Switzerland should be bottom up. You pay in proportion to where you can SEE the money spent.  1st to the commune; Commune pays the leftover to the county, county to ... to federation
Bad example. Shiites have traditionally lived with no real tension with Christians.
Yes
Except Switz.
How about Switzerland? You are not getting my point.
not incompatible. Actually, skin in the game.
I am NOT a centrist. These distinctions are CRAP.
Vaccine HAS risks.
As you lower \mu you can see the Lindy zone and the nonlindy area. Collapse is crossing the orange line. X axis is years. pic.twitter.com/NuoM61GvMe
Spartan is a localist statement. Greek nationalism is not. Gabish?
+ I pray 3 x a day to God Eshmum & offer sacrifices to Zeus + Only eat one meal a day + bully one economist every 24 hours
The logic of sc  Then The open society Then The thing abt the future (short)
Probably from Ba3l Ha Shem Tov
Already lost 2 lbs; need to lose 14.
2- Ancestral architecture: no Euclidian geometry, high dimensionality. Even pyramids when close show rich micro-patters (Met in NYC). Today's architecture is "smooth", Eucledian, & of low dimensionality.  I am most comfortable in a forest, a cave, or a Gaudi bldg. pic.twitter.com/fCTy4H8I7N
That is Markov. Martingale means expectation is just the last price.
Try squats. They do wonders.
2- Doctors are statistically naive & their statisticians are imbeciles; they have a hard time understanding non-linear dose-response so they binarize. And pharma takes them for a ride by bucketting numbers (mildly ill + very ill produces an illusion of risk for mildly ill). pic.twitter.com/1ZRZnUCJNx
Ignorant, I live in cities and am subjected to the downside of aesthetics by someone who is not there. Reread #Skininthegame before posting ineptitudes.
I thought you owned a restaurant.
HYPERTENSION In #Antifragile: Pharma needs to medicate the mildly "sick" (hypertensive) as 1) these live long 2) >100 more midly "sick" ppl than very sick, so more profitable to "cure" the healthy Pharma reclassifies the "sick" to get clients. But relation HBP-risk is nonlinear! pic.twitter.com/1x0X9oIzxu
You fughedabout @HarryDCrane ?
2- Lindy is not a powerlaw but surely has local such behavior for first say 2000-10000 years. Good enough for me.  A yuuge result. pic.twitter.com/2dLkdwW2Cl
It is like finance profs writing about finance.
The point is that nationalism gives little important to foreign lives; another balance sheet.  Gabish?
The final with have a fat tailed distribution and other variations.
Yes can handle with the same math with stochastic volatilithy
They are reviewed by their customers. Do some elementary thinking.
I apologize but I block idiots.
Imbecile, this is not ART you can optionally observe in a gallery, but places and neighborhoods WE live in. We have skin in the game and the architect doesn't.
Thanks Deborah I just picked up your book from the office; will comment.
New mathematics for the Lindy Effect, expressed as absorbing barrier (extinction barrier). This is the INTUITION of the method. Yuuuge results once we use Girsanov to include drift, or switch to geometric Brownian motion.  #Lindy @financequant pic.twitter.com/OXMrClJMS5
The classical confusion with absence of evidence.
(Journalistic) noise is to signal what a cancer cell is to a healthy one.
We did. He has an open invitashion.
I wrote 4 Op- Eds in the NYT so this is not a matter of access. I just despise them.
Didn’t you the pinned tweet that I block pple for BS and sophistry?
Remember that the NYT, while promoting platitudinous & vague notions such as "integrity", "truth", etc. was behind the Iraq war, regime change, and other monstrosities.  The NYT is a cover for warmongers & managed to convert the pseudo-left to militarism.
Kant put the general above the particular, unconditionally: in other words he was top-down ethically. That leads to inconsistencies.
When someone announces, self-referentially, "I have integrity and virtue", look for the fraud.  If NYT wanted to show *virtue* they shd say: "We take RISK for the Truth, even if uncomfortable to us & causes us to be ostracized by the MONOCULTURE/Weapon makers"  No virtue w/o Risk pic.twitter.com/TWXqk68NJl
Science is about observables; decisions, risk, life, profits and wisdom are about unobservables.
Correction: Feb 11-15
Homoouseion vs homoiouseion
4) For a nationalist others are like "nonelephant animals".  For a localist others are cousins; some are brothers.
3) Both nationalism & abstract universalism cause blowups.  Kantian Universalism is flawed: It you treat all children equally for Christmas, you will neglect your own. Just as you are obligated to give preference to your children, others are obligated to do so with their own...
2) The danger of Nationalism is an absorption of values:  lives of others don't count: Both H & W Bush counted only U.S. soldiers. For Salafis, lives of infidels don't count. For a localist everyone counts, but your obligation to family members is greater.
NATIONALISM: there is an individual, then nation, little above. Causes Wars: outside lives don't exist.  FRACTAL LOCALISM: individual ⊂ various tribes (family, friends...) ⊂ tribes ⊂ ... Humanity. NEVER exclusive: One (me) can ⊂ Greek & Lebanese tribes+US +Mediterraneism.
Of course
We make it fuzzy. But you should certainly try.
Watching...
BTW R, In Lebanon the long a is pronounced a long é (Lbnén) except when it is at the end where it becomes a long "a" (or "o" in Amioun), with the only exception I found is in Zgharta where it is "Zgharté, Sé3é (se3o in Amioun).
The saying that it takes much more energy to displace than install falsehood is itself a falsehood  1) Sticky "falsehoods" are beneficial or useful for survival (placebo, superstition) 2) Falsehood can only persist if #Lindy 3) Nonhelpful falsehoods tend to collapse very quicky
It is é in Lebanese (with a rbosso, a vowel present in Syriac, but not in Arabic) --there are 5 vowels and > vowel qualities in Lebanese.
You know I would defend you if someone try to deny your freedom of expression, even if I disagreed with your message.
Let me be clear about intolerance against intolerance.  The rule is that People (say Salafis) whose platform is EXPLICITLY denying democracy (or free speech) should not use democracy (or free speech) to reach political power.
With ⁦Isabella and @Stefano_Peron⁩, RWRI alumni who came from Italy (Treviso) to attend the ⁦@spyrosmakrid⁩  M4 Conference. pic.twitter.com/VhR103kc8w
> Half of Syrians are White
Econometrics has been a total disaster. pic.twitter.com/Bf8AAPksRb
Spyros ⁦@spyrosmakrid⁩ : the most accurate machine learning method is worse than the worst standard “statistical” one. pic.twitter.com/oo3stEBoTy
We are evidence based here. We need pictures.
You can't predict business success, but you can predict business failure: someone who writes lengthy and frequent emails.
Scott Armstrong is 81. I will remember to scrutinize what he eats at lunch/dinner. pic.twitter.com/nuEvfbwW1j
You know I can't stop you. But I will be... unhappy 1) if the drawings of FT are bad, 2) the aphorisms are not FatToniyish
Zgharté. Never Zgharto.
Alla Rum w minl Koura
How about Ghrib w Rum?
La2anno zghir
President Micron, You don’t want other countries to interfere in the affairs of France And/or sypport the #YellowVestProtests rebels.  Why did France support the jihadi headcutters in Syria?  Please explain, President Micron.
Don’t trust these... too many fragile priors. You can even possibly make him look like Julius Caesar if you wanted.
@AdibChristian 3a 2bel l miyyé
Syriac came to Lebanon with the Persians in the 6th C. who brought Greek-hating Nestorians and Zoroastrians. They used Eastern Aramaic. It was for prayers and liturgy, not conversation.
No
Big.
The EVIDENCE we didn't speak Syriac in Leb is that in fact NOBODY spoke Syriac; it was a language of learning. George Kiraz said that the language stayed the same for 1000 years, meaning it was just for writing.  Even Persians wrote in "Aramaic".
I can show evidence that we spoke Western Aramaic but our liturgy HENCE formal writing was in Eastern one.
It is wrong to say that we became part of Arabia in 700. The Turks were neo-Byzantines, so we spent 500 y (~1400-1900) and -300-700 living in Greco-Anatolia, plus some Fatimids, plus Kura-Ataraxes before.
Agree. My point all along. But they use Syriac/Aramaic as a broad language that includes offshoots from Canaanite. Aramaic has sooooo many variations.
Yellow vests. Some surprisingly excellent demands:  - Banning Lobbies (8) - Smaller Banks (5) - Banning MONOCULTURE, GMOs, Glyphosate (20) - Anti Foreign Interventionism (22) - Pol. Diversity of Media (15) - Frexit (9)  Some questionable ones (3, 2) .  #GiletsJaunes #YellowVests pic.twitter.com/Jjwy16xpWK
What political orientation MTV has?
Alcoholism (excessive drinking), not consumption. Teheran is a different animal.
Ironically, related to Khér  خير
Many people read it 2x
The other “ting” abt the Linda Problem: no skin in the game. Make people bet and see. Otherwise it is simple linguistics.
He has been fired from Hoover.
Kapodistrias
Centralization
Mine is Nikolaos Philologos.
One step at the time. Give more and more to municipalities.
Why aren't you Michael Anastasius Bonner (just as I add my Greek middle name everywhere)
I am not making comments about how the Lebanese structure should be for now, only that localism != sectarianism.  But obviously localism means MAXIMAL decentralization under constraint.
Political Clarity under Complexity, & fractal localism. pic.twitter.com/5VPUTVrqaS
What will your Greek name be?
What I am not sure is whether their obsession away from identities is shared by the French and others. It is not so by the English statistical school.
Probability as a bound: asymmetry. pic.twitter.com/vKiJmdJZLD
The flaw is that it is conditioned on infinite vol.
Same with hypothyroidism
The problem is that @ole_b_peters local static rationality clashes with dynamics and scale. “Rational” humans don’t make rational crowd and we can go extinct from focusing on the local.
No.
Blocked the sophist: the statement is not casual but direct empiricism; restaurateurs know to close back rooms to make the restaurant feel smaller & this is not a simple attribute for NYC.
@yaneerbaryam the above can be put into the new version.
An intuitive way to see the BS by @PTetlock who doesn't get the notion of forecasting shd be in payoff space except in very narrow domains. pic.twitter.com/kPeCKYjK3n
Anyway, Pythagoras was pre-Hellenization of the Levant.
OK, I can't ethically block people for jokes that aren't funny...
I block people for sophistry. Sorry.
We are not discussing original or well written books. We are discussing books ACADEMICS or other philistines call original or well written.  Gabish?
3- Current bibles: The Bible, Wealth of Nations, Das Kapital, Works by Aquinas, Montaigne, etc. They fail editorial criteria.  Editors don't understand books, Academics don't get scholarship. Why?  @rorysutherland : employees' objective is minimizing blame in case of failure.
2- How to make a survey work by via negativa.  To assess if a book will survive, find an academic/someone who plays the system. If they say "well organized", "well written", or "original", odds are the book flops.  If they say "messy", "whimsical", the book will outlive him/her.
1- Ignore surveys.   Pple think they prefer restaurants 1) quiet so they can tawk, 2) roomy, 3) no line.  Yet they flock to 1) loud, 2) cramped restaurants 3) w/50 min wait.  Never ask pple what they want, watch what they do. Revelation of preferences.  #SkinInTheGame
Rory lexktchring.   Employees try to minimize blame.  #skininthegame  Note the socks. pic.twitter.com/yHtCSs9lOe
This is exactly a diff under the integral
Ornate is good.
Yes pic.twitter.com/CYMvufAuiw
You can raise the lettrine but not done in ancient Mss. pic.twitter.com/w8HkMKuU4S
Believe it or not, they had worse!
The point is that economists shd not be put at the same rank as real scientists and thinkers.
Colors are Lindy. In the musée de Cluny. pic.twitter.com/CoSOi7MFJb
The Sveriges riksbank officially denies appointing the "Nobel" in economics, deflecting the "IYI" accusation, shifting the blame to (the economists in) the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.  But his magesty told me personally it was "not a Nobel, but a Swedish Riksbank prize" pic.twitter.com/LSD8i3roaX
The electronic version is.
I wonder if the Lettrine format at the beginning of chapters works for the new book. pic.twitter.com/62pTH5wfv2
Fuck off.
 pic.twitter.com/klhi7G1zua
Voila! Lindy!
Anyone who partakes of the smear campaign ag Seralini is blocked on this side.   Gabish?
I went by this pic.twitter.com/dMgEPVaF0N
Same root.
I found the drift in meaning: "covetous" in Hebrew means "praiseworthy" in other Semitic languages.
So don't covet is don't fall for the charm? The word in Arabic is "praise".
Philological Mystery du Jour:  The root 7MD  for לא תחמוד in the 10 Cmdmts doesn't seem to match the meaning of the Arabic (حمد, with names like 7amid, M7mud, etc). And in Syriac texts the 10th C is ܠܐ ܬܪܓ Are they the same root? Thanks for the help. @Jonassibony @PhDniX
Representativeness. It makes you paranoid. For a purpose.
BTW the "me in 2018" is not photoshopped, but real: a fellow in North Lebanon.
Sorry his name is Ron Previte (thanks @dhornstein)
Two options for Fat Tony. Left: me (in 2028); right: George Anastasia pic.twitter.com/JRh3sBkg7a
You need a different portrait. Something tougher.
The tradition of presenting a cental text surrounded by commentary is not limited to (post Rashi) Talmudic. Below  + Erasmus, ~ 1515 (In Praise of Folly) + Talmud, 1482, Guadalajara, + Eramus, @BellesLettresEd, 2018  bilingual edition  Figured out how to do it in LaTeX. #Lindy pic.twitter.com/obyOCOaZrl
Understanding the liturgy kills religion. Traditionally.
You bend backward too much and do not tighten your upper back muscles. Risk of injury.
Paris is quiet this morning. The side effect of the riots: hotel employees are very, very humble.
 pic.twitter.com/JH1PlURgrc
Skallas is domain dependent.  He is 99% right on some things, you need to know where.
Small error in the penultimate step.
Good idea.
Ignore half of what Skallas says, just take the things that are right. #Convexity
Moscow?
You cheated. No 6 AM.
Part 1 pic.twitter.com/gtRPGVc2mH
A Math problem with tricks. pic.twitter.com/Y7LHUPE4Vg
Random, of course.
Roly I blocked that shill long ago.
Yogi Berra
Un grand erudit
Bravo, 3afék
Never ride in Emirates; will explain but not in public.
The INCERTO is now 1872 pages. pic.twitter.com/dED2Mg6oUF
Please explain.
Actully I will be in Paris tomorrow.
So actually mlukhiyyé is from malachite, mallow, owing to its greenish color.
actshually I block .01 of people.
Bi bériz?
Min mum?
food for molokh
These are false claims. Chips were traditionally fried in beef tallow, duck fat, and/or olive oil. Not in SEED oil that we now know is inflammatory. Not Lindy.  @Mangan150 has been producing ample evidence that seed oil marketed as "healthy" is not healthy. pic.twitter.com/RYbXf37e9t
This morning... Mount Lebanon is covered (right); it was snowing there. pic.twitter.com/A868KHpIDK
Not quite pic.twitter.com/338yrMecgr
Better to own up to who you tend to envy. Umberto Eco, a man of yuuge erudition. His library, Milan. pic.twitter.com/rVT1sLzja1
I never hide that I am envious of some people: an academic psychologist with no erudition is too low on the scale.   Gabish?
Ana bukra bi Fransa
Mulukhiyyé, kebbé, & french fries in olive oil with visiting ⁦@HsenAndil⁩ and ⁦@Decafquest⁩ in Northern Phoenicia. pic.twitter.com/tGSC47KnPq
It is much harder to conceal one's envy than to detect that of others.
Today I am in Amioun. I feel safe. Let's diskuss offline.
Vastly more applicable is @Wolfram's computational irreducibility.
George drove a Red Cross ambulance during the Lebanese War.  The MOST dangerous job.
Giovanni, my cousin knows a bit about AK. Without further details...
The entire point of localism is to allow people to be locally sectarian, as in Switzerland, but abide by rules of tolerance. Shiites are doing that very well with respect to Christians.
Plus the multiple testing /Bonferoni...
My lecture at M4 (thread) explains why such statements by @PTetlock (and his work) on forecasting are total BS and how they worsen with fat tailedness. pic.twitter.com/F7SrwXYc4w
Fuck off
Voila pic.twitter.com/sh40L5XxLG
Payoff space.
The left portion is not relevant for Lindy, it is the right one when it stabilizes /shows no decline.
2005 was the latest edition.
Pasquale, genetic data is a GOLD MINE. Like this.  We can establish the rate of violence from mixing. pic.twitter.com/74SylqWZyD
Kill l 3rubiyyin "losers" mrittin. I like the Levantine "mritt" French "minable" hard to translate into English.
Was asked if the INCERTO was Lindy.  Fooled by Randomness, oldest of the INCERTO, is ~19 y old, & steady. This is US weekly sales (excludes UK, foreign). Same pattern in UK, Italy, Russia, etc. Younger books show same pattern.   Almost all bestsellers show exponential decline. pic.twitter.com/euonj51LRb
يا غزالي كيف عني أبعدوك               Perhaps from
Not in Lebanese 3ajuz is Khétyara, feminine, and 2mm often 2émmto (from Syriac), or mama so his mother mam(a)to.
So if 1) This seems to be found in Pre-Islamic Peninsular Arabic, and 2) not in older Semitic forms, can we bring the hypothesis that original Peninsular dialects may be genderless?  Incidentally, in Lebanese we say "bye7ké Armané" for someone avoiding the feminine form.
Thanks!
قفا نبك من ذِكرى حبيب ومنزل
I would ask @PhDniX
PreIslamic  : الحبيب
The problem is that stupid people (the IYI, Intellectuals Yet Idiots) are much, much more dangerous to mankind than evil people.   Thanks @enzolamberti for the beautiful pamphlet by Carlo Cipolla. pic.twitter.com/75ci7l5PTv
Oui, merci!
So, correction: original post shd be .01 of the people not .01% of the pple, as corrected in the 2nd tutorial.
Cleaned up the Pareto Tutorial pic.twitter.com/hySfuzf5mL
Exactly.  Russel was bemoaning mathematical uncertainties, not inviting people to BS a la Tetlock.
cc:@DrCirillo
Please explain.
Tutorial: Many seem interested in the "Pareto" attributes. Here is a short tutorial. pic.twitter.com/yV3R2xICT4
Skin in the game => tacit nonexplicit knowledge acquisition.
And @yaneerbaryam & @normonics
I block .01 % of people, which reduces BS, sophisty, & nitpicking by 99%.  Sorry, nothing personal.
No
Only with academics.
Central Phoenicia with Mediterranean anisette. pic.twitter.com/SEb0wWmbKa
2- Employees no matter how high ranking are fragile, vulnerable to trivial violations that add little to their bottom line (stretched extras &  perks, etc.).  Ghosn perhaps though of himself as Louis XIV & deserving yuuge perks, but you can only own a company by owning a company.
Carlos Ghosn:  Lesson 101 in TAIL RISK mgmnt is to work backwards: FIRST, figure out exactly what would ruin you, THEN eliminate/mitigate.  It's the modus operandi of investors s.a. Warren Buffet...all SURVIVORS.  And Stalin/mafia chiefs: find out WHO could wack you & preempt.
Mnil Tirki oda.
Margarita ante porcos
No, from biblical Nabot
Zealotry.
Let’s eat as locally as possible.
Here too of course!
Butter works better in movies.
No association/organization. Universities have free speech protection.
South Leb is closer to Galilean Aramaic, North has Maronites influenced by Babylonian.
Data shows Maronites and Shiites are indigenous.
I block idiots. Nothing personal.
Blocked the 2 imbeciles: entropy is a probabilistic concept used for malfunction from dimensionality.
Yes.
6) Keep in mind we are comparing a new convex technology, with a tiny amount of electric vehicles sold so far (< 3m) to the cumulative experience of > 600 million of ICE (80 million this year).
S
10k
You cannot possibly do business in a foreign country without the presumption of innocence, prevalent in Anglo-Saxon systems, but originates with Roman-Byzantine law, even if Medieval Northern Europe lost it. pic.twitter.com/D6Wbh2Pz2W
Note: Carlos Ghosn is not a relative (although my mother's last name is officially "Ghosn"). He is Maronite, mother is Greek-Orthodox; her last name "Ghosn" is short for "Ghosn Saliba", her real family name is Saliba. Just as my real family name is "Nabout"(Navot).
You are new here. Google it.
5) The reason I discussed my own experience with Tesla is #SkininTheGame, not a n=1 statistical anecdote. The discussion is from general properties/data.  Gabish
Mediocre minds are outraged by small insults but passive, subdued, and silent in front of very large ones.  Bed of Procrustes
The argument that an electric vehicle may end up indirectly using fuel is weak; it ignores scaling: you save considerable energy by large-scale generation, rather than having a tiny factory in every car, even taking into account battery/transmission losses.
French spelling "libelles".
The coincidence is striking because ancient.
You are not getting the notion of scale in electric production. 30->70% efficiency.
GRAECO-SEMITIC PHILOLOGY DU JOUR  Mystery of ZBL: Semitic & Greek roots for Garbage/reject/leftover are suspiciously similar but w/different original etymologies. Gr σκύβαλα, Heb זֶבֶל, Ar زبالة  (all converge in modern times to "trash (can)").  @Jonassibony pic.twitter.com/4CtctKH4Nt
During the French "Ancient Regime", anti-establishment pamphlets called "libels", printed in London or Rotterdam circulated widely.   They proved that nobody could repress the printed word.  But digital borders are not porous, Google/thought police can block anything they hate.
Explain why would someone spy on the UAE...
Maybe ...complain or something like that.
Rule: whenever you read (as in article above) claims about gnostics, consider their stories of origin as bogus: *absence of evidence* is very significant.
Strange coincidence! I also took its picture. pic.twitter.com/LIQ7tVBjDc
LOGIC DUJOUR  GNOSTIC religions have false external narratives (marranism) for protection/to avoid diluting the knowledge ⇒ w/ Druzes, external story (mutation of Islam) is NECESSARILY a false narrative.  Deeper Anatolian roots: Druzes≃Druids: reincarnation/elders/mysteries pic.twitter.com/whq2FaDubB
Very very strange
Root is Ancient Greek pic.twitter.com/33xsiwiwXv
Why the butter on top?
How about the Greek σκύβαλα ?
Is the sauce black?
 pic.twitter.com/TJrF36xTem
If your cell phone was mechanically operated, like a giant abacus with levers, it would break much faster.
This property (electric cars don't age fast) I had noticed in the comparative price of used cars ("refurbished"). Logically, on average, the fewer the moving parts, the fewer the problems: not a lot of entropy.
I just noticed a property. n=1 but not for the property.
Only hitch: need to extend Bernoulli's inequality to t>1 in this context. or show it holds since (1+a/b)^(1/a b) satisfies it.
My dear friend @zerohedge, this imbecile Nick Colas writes about my returns without knowing anything about them.  And Niederhoffer is totally bust.
Who is the ignoramus who wrote the article?
What I mean is that the Maronites and Shiites were not bothered by the borders as much as the Greek Orth & the Sunnis
The Carmel-to-Naqura  had only 7 Shiite villages, and about 15 Maronite ones.
I am both!
Bil shmél Tfarkasht kamén
Something for Black Friday, courtesy Romanian Mathematical Magazine. pic.twitter.com/KGfTvuEJUe
Drawing 15 principles for political clarity under opacity. pic.twitter.com/HZFyom0LEK
NYU? A lie.
And one of the authors works for a "foundation for support of democracy".
AI
Happy Thanksgiving -this is my 38th .  A day when you fee and express gratitude.
You mean ghee! Thanks!
Chris, with the same date, can you replicate my convex curve: y axis is risk of CVD event, x is blood pressure? Thanks!
NEVER set foot in Dubai/UAE.  They can jail you for life for "espionage" if you study anything disturbing to the regime, or post on social media any negative comment --they can even get you if you *like* a comment inimical to their regime.
J2 Haplogroup.
Statistics is, at its foundations, not POSITIVIST but entirely POPPERIAN, that is, falsificationist & non confirmatory. Most mechanistic statisticians don't get it.  @HarryDCrane pic.twitter.com/U53NbP71jk
Statistics is not positivist; it can be made Popperian #FatTails
Friends, What Logo should I use for the new venture: STEM ACADEMIC PUBLISHING? Thanks. pic.twitter.com/vJUwaASuXG
To survive, go for representation. Survival is NOT truth.
Got this off the ground! pic.twitter.com/QMiMRfEFTn
No , not the same as machines.
THanks and add Middle name. THanks
I cannot reveal individual names. Only regions, villages, from anonymized data or ones publicly made available by people like me who reveal their haplogroup (J2b1).  Only problem there may be one Dwayhé descendent from the Crusades... Is it the same family?
I have news for you: the answer is NO. I am sitting on a pile of paternity tests for Lebanese it is not even funny anymore!
Same in Leb.
Saw in the database. North Leb Maronite, Yammine. Will DM.
I can easily check that for you.
You need to change the pictures.
Fiction.
Now the tedious task of finding the errors in paper. Alas, my enemies were not sophisticated enough to find the "flaws" in early drafts & I now need to rely on friends.  How much data do you need? Ranking distrib. by speed of LLN.  6th academic paper for 2018, most single author. pic.twitter.com/2LOqK2PDel
J1-P58 pic.twitter.com/yN7kk5cNsA
And Syria's Hawran!
Fake, fake, unless migrations were in the Bronze age.
As @razibkhan is sorely discovering, if you accuse someone of "making mistakes", better prove it, as 1) false accusations are punished AS IF accusers committed the violation themselves, 2) there is no statute of limitations on the web w/vindictive Mediterraneans who wait years. pic.twitter.com/zfQ7emhkWw
I enrolled but ended up beating up the instructor.
No
I remember vaguely I blocked @razibkhan 2 years ago but he deleted his tweet. pic.twitter.com/HtSp4DfGS1
Working on the blueprint of the Republics of Najd and Hijaz.
Tawwél 3mro!
How much was it in 2008?
jéyé mnil yunéné.
Still is!
You can live with it on a low carb/keto diet.
Medical Puzzle: Wonder about the clinical significance of:  + Low resting heart beart rate <60 + High arterial blood pressure 140/85
Leb is NOT in the Middle East, but in East Med. Gabish?
"Arab" countries ... a wrong designation.
Back to Riyadh, hoping the Saudi mob doesn't get all excited again.
I need to visit!
You are not getting ny point. Large corp with CEOs who don’t have skin in the game != capitalism
That's BS. NO ANECDOTES. Look at survival rate of large corps since 1950.
Necessary for people to rotate at the top
No. Not harming others is good.
Ethics, risk taking, unit is community. Read rest.
5) Hard to prevent idiots from polluting the discource:   It is private enterprise that pulled hundreds of millions, if not a billion, out of poverty, not NGOs, not socialism, not redistributive expropriation, and not his beatitude the @Pontifex. pic.twitter.com/UoWJcURHJR
3) I am afraid that the only places that will be functional in ten years are small states that tasted socialism hence vaccinated (& are small enough for scaling), e.g.  Georgia, Croatia, Hungary, Czech R, Slovenia, Montenegro, Serbia, Poland, Baltic states, ...
Not quite: it assumes you don't help others by doing business.
The Druze qof can me a marker to identify one another. Same with Alawites.
Think of the Basta aleph. Shu b22ello? A different animal than the q.
Trump doesn't realize he must dump the Clown Prince of Saudi Barbaria; this support will eventually be his Russian campaign.
structurally, from gov liabilities
It's the composition. I fare better in South because uncooked vegetables/olive oil (you need less than butter)
Imbecile, go back to study math. Closer to does not mean at, but the direction.  I block idiots, nothing personal.
Most likely spreads.
They are not long crude, structurally short puts because of high public costs.
You should feel terrible for.... the victims, that is, the investors.
You cannot easily go broke owning options as insurance AGAINST a portfolio in a rising market. If insurance is too expensive, don't own assets. As in any business.
Charlatan is EXACTLY that: misrepresenting one's skills.
Polls are less volatile than election forecasts.
How many can you sell? tiny.
Why are you degrading Lebanese by calling it “Lebanese Arabic”?
No, imbecile, that is the limit at infinite vol.
(I mean tail option selling. You can sell volatility in the body and buy the tails with finite losses, locally concave globally convex.  Butterflies plus strangles/Christmas trees.)
minimal
Of course, I won't rebut. Who can challenge such powerful arguments? Impossible.
Mr Aubrey Clayton you should do so with your brilliant analysis. A truly excellent project for you.
That ignorant @aubreyclayton didn't get the model would cap at 9-1 odds in that situation.
So Mr @aubreyclayton, calling a paper "garbage" and posing for a hotshot in probability is nice but your interpretation is ... garbage. Read, think, then react. pic.twitter.com/WctHNjwUfA
7asab. l tnén.
W wé3é kamén min l siryéné pic.twitter.com/EJZ5PxDyhC
Fe2 minil siryéné, ma32ul l'2aaramé  @Extrachelle @PZalloua pic.twitter.com/ln9ZnGyOXR
My developing heuristic  is that a respectable calorie-neutral Flaneuring requires:  + In Milan/Bologna/Turin, >18,000 steps (w/desert),   + In Rome/Naples/Palermo, >15000  + In New York, > 14,000  + in Tokyo, > 5,000 (portions are small!) pic.twitter.com/kyX6OpifmZ
Fibonacci is a basin of attraction.
So this week, while flaneuring in Italy, I was twitter mobbed by  + Saudi twitter bots & trolls, &  +Klueless Nate's (@NateSilver538) followers (he has 3 Mil). Silver is nervous for his reputation (losses $6m annually).  Who is more stupid?
Ketchum ran the smear campaigns on behalf of Monsanto. Including yours truly.  They asked me for a lecture for a yuuuge banking convention.  Note the virtue signaling in the signature. pic.twitter.com/177LW5jayG
Segreti !
Comparative study of:  1) Sea urchins (spaghetti) 2) Bottarga (tagliolini) pic.twitter.com/n4PZf89Cub
Yes it fattens the tails lowers the variance
Yes but bacteria can be more lethal.
They don't need a p=.05 to converge to normal, so long as one centers around the mean, it becomes eventually symmetric; EVERYTHING will be reflected in the variance.
My Milanese friends who also “have friends” making sure  it is a “low risk experience”... pic.twitter.com/Wdbu41XXhq
 pic.twitter.com/lAZqYFtfqn
Costoletta alla Milanese con tartufo bianco & cassoeula pic.twitter.com/K6NctuJpVt
NO MORE FAT TAILS  @DrCirillo prevailed upon me to rename Fat Tails "Thick Tails" because Thich Tails is more general than Fat Tails. In some circles Fat Tails mean Power Laws  Gaussian->Thick Tails> Subexponential ~Heavy Tails>Fat Tails. pic.twitter.com/igtLFveCEi
We looked at it as cause of today's drop in fertility...
You didn't understand my point. Volatility of forecast is bad in continuous time, seen as arbitrage value. Read my paper and come back to Twitter before confusing yourself some more.
Et toi?
No, imbecile, you can very the forecast. But all of them count for the scoring.
Not Lindy
In a nutshell, what Klueless Nate @NateSilver538 doesn't get is the PRINCIPLE that it is not ONE forecast that matters for track record, but ALL the forecasts made per election.  That principle we've known since De Finetti; I adapted it to continuous time & derived properties.
Yes, but if you're going to have one, shoot for 1 to 5 max reps as the uses correlate.
2- Some memory "loss" w/age may be efficient filtering. You get better at predicting what you need to remember. Don't immediately assume senescence.  But bad bones/osteopenia weaken memory in animal models (Karsenti). Most moderns have sick bones at 50.  Do heavy weightlifting!
Yes I glad you saw my cheating. Because it is summed later, we assumed that it is already Gaussian.  Let's proceed step by step. Do you agree with, for SNP 0 (neither parent) 1 (either parent) 2 (both parents) ?
No. 2 different mechanisms
Il Saggiatore, publishing house in Milan. pic.twitter.com/dtNJUhAyjJ
I cheated by flowing the limit backwards, there is a technical part. pic.twitter.com/lEHRu4MRzA
Sum of binomials = normal. n=100K
Shift by -1.
Binomial {0,1,2} -> Normal for large n. We get same results with binomial.
A note on serial correlation and the 4 population test pic.twitter.com/nvP9GBGx9V
Hope you are better now.
Jut got here in a rush... Lunch Friday?
Ossobuco a la Milanese pic.twitter.com/H655lLIsfb
Italians lie about Milan. They are instructed to say it is ugly so tourists leave them alone. Milan is so secretive it took half of a dozen visits to figure out the place.
No, bounded by the polls. if 10%, then 10% not 0 probability of winning. pic.twitter.com/jtI2DXvFiY
This is the Basta aleph, emphasis on the A doubles the following consonant.
Homs is part of East Med
Biggest so far is ...me.
The Phoenicia-East Med Research Project has started. pic.twitter.com/CXzXV2njDO
Where I discover that:  + Saudis don't have a public sense of humor; can't possibly conceive that someone can pull a prank.  + You can even let them know it is a prank; they'll take the rest seriously.  + They are incapable of harming anyone outside their consulates, even then.
OK OK Saudi Barbaria.
Shhhhht... Don't give them ideas.
of diffidence
He is an idiot. It is like an actuarial table, statistical not deterministic.
To the contrary, it puts skin in the game. No belief without sacrifice.
In company with the other Taleb.
How about truffle oil fettucini?
I just realized that Milan isn't Mediterranean, that is *butter not olive oil* (according to the Gallic Wars); perhaps it would be anathema to consume seppia there. Osso buco would be preferable.
Grazie tanto! La prossima volta... Avrò più tempo.  Ciao, N
Shiite Southern suburb of Beirut.
Friends, time for something serious. What is the best squid ink restaurant (nero di seppia) in Milan? Thanks!
The Saudis are still not catching me... But they are producing mysterious insults worth examining in a comparative literature class.  Most insist "they don't care about me" (an insult), some claim I am a Shiite in disguize and I am "from the suburbs" (an insult). pic.twitter.com/8SHcPKBDGu
Ana bkun bi Ittalya
Sharia compliant.
Pple believe in a historical trend agst social conservatism. No: history is punctuated w/spontaneous emergence of puritanism.  Holding a baloon under water: From Roman mores to Victorian prudishness, pre-Islamic Arabia,1970s Iran, & 1960s Maghreb to ... ISIS. Next...France.
Castration by 9-to-5 plus periodic evaluation ... it takes 14 years to start its effect.
Ma3am béfham.
I don't live there... it's a joke.
I have a great hiding place in Riyadh.
I did yesterday.
Without expectation.
Some vaccines are effective != ALL vaccines are unconditionally effective.
Improved on the paper pic.twitter.com/iDkcp9LS4N
The sucker problem is to think that those for whom you feel compassion would also feel compassion for those weaker and more afflicted than they are.
That’s evidence-free causative bullshit.
We all know what you mean.
Ne7na a2rab 3a Iran min l 3arab. Bi-ktir! W 3al atrak wl yunén kamén.
Ana 3am bi3mol l-statistik taba3 l paper. Kill shi byétghayyar ba3d ma yetla3!
They are in for a big....surprise. Shuf 3ashu 3am bishtghél! pic.twitter.com/zarUtm8Fv2
The most outlier is me, a Roum!  We invented that crap called Arabism, Baathism, etc.
It is actually old Semitic present in Canaanite מוֹחַ.
Typically, reflects the standard (arithmetic) Brownian motion (independent Gaussian increments).
A Wiener process is an Ito process.
What you are describing is the result of nation-states, not subsidiarity.
We found little migrations in Southern Spain. Either the migration reversed later  or they mostly used local and Maghrebi people.
I also mean that if you don't get nonlinearity you will be clueless about a book on nonlinear payoffs.
Time to pick the format for both the book and the logo of the new STEM Academic publishing house. pic.twitter.com/2s8fajuEV3
Haven't read the review, just glanced from end  (I consider psychotherapists= charlatans, including @DonJRobertson who doesn't get convexity) but Fat Tony was born in Brooklyn. Child of the Peninsula = Italian origin.  Gabish? You can always bet klueless Massimo delivers. pic.twitter.com/x8WeT0CCJf
La2, ma 3am ye2dro.
l te2sir ("influence") taba3 l 3urubiyyin sefr kémél. Ma fi 3aalam féshlin aktar min heyk.
Ma tkhaf... la7 ymoto killon w ma 7ada biye2riyon!
Don't get Klueless Massimo in trouble.
I think I got it right plus or minus n^p I am now a co-author on a technical paper in genetics. pic.twitter.com/Cztd4k3IIO
A Twelver Shiite friend attending service at Saint Nicholas' Greek Orthodox Cathedral in Beirut, pointed out at the 12 apostles and calmly said: "you too". pic.twitter.com/NMwGpQWuBj
The window for flaneuring in NYC is closing with sub-freezing temperatures.
I was polite.
Why the best surgeons might look like butchers. pic.twitter.com/p1UbKDjGbl
Yes, if you consider regions not people
Used to be seductive & thrilling for thinkers to counter the then repressive Church dogma, w/the appeal of forbidden fruit.  It's starting to be more seductive to counter the currently repressive PC dogma than conform.  University monokultchurists are too stupid to realize it.
Thanks Bob!
My first technical foray into genetics. Encountered the 4-population test, deriving the "estimation error". pic.twitter.com/n959cJcxXn
The camera adds 12.6 pounds.
Yes, but updating will be slower under fat tails. Long story.
No
You forget that the Lebanese Shiites will feel stabbed in the back after shedding so much blood for the regime.
Hint; Hag in Hebrew.
Negative role, I have shown.
You created a contradiction where there was none. Statistics is orthogonal.  Gabish?
I don't eat chicken.
You can create your own function of multidimensional rvs.
In other words I am not arguing about what is the random variable. The property is invariant to r.v.
You are still not getting it. It is standard statistics 101: information away from mean is more relevant because less noise, for learning.  You are drowning in irrelevant distinctions entailing statistics. pic.twitter.com/5nQdCmstUQ
Standard transformations. Π is usually B, γ becomes j, etc.
And odds it came via Syriac pic.twitter.com/VTj4CVsZSg
Philology du Jour:  Borj ( برج ) [TOWER] comes from Πύργος itself from the Urartian Burgana (unless it came directly from Burgama.
Skiing is the only thing I do that is above average.
At the end, the central social conflict is between RENT SEEKERS vs NON-RENT SEEKERS.
Ana bi Bayrut bass térék halla2.
2- "capitalism" is a misspecified term; shd be "free-markets" or "classic liberalism" as Capital plays no role in modern technological wealth formation.
Not necessarily. This corruption/inner contradiction/hypocrisy is proper to socialists, not to libertarians.
My point is in statistical space, orthogonal to conplexity/scale.
Deadlifting trains you to lift heavy objects, not so much to ski hard slopes.
So to clarify, the statement is:  “You learn disproportionally more from tails of distributions than you do from their center.”  Gabish?
No
Divide by 1000 years. Get the rate of migration THEN. Conpare to today’s rate advocate by globalists.  Think THEN tweet.
I also made the yuuuge assumption that those who read my tweets aren't idiots.
Indeed.
8- Pple forget that history is thousands of years and give you salient anecdotes that effectively dilute when seen locally (as per year or lifetime)  Always funny to see pple like @AdamRutherford lecture people on pseudoscience then miss elementary things from high school math.
Paper is coming with data.
6- This argument explains why historians talking about migration rates in the middle ages > .00005 are wrong (that is close to zero; today's rates are yuuuge by comparison).  A tiny rate of migration multiplies... pic.twitter.com/az2B0AwMOZ
1% “foreigners” vs 15% today of “foreign born”.  I block idiots.
Read thread, Marshall.
Imbecilic remark: what annual rate does it represent?
20 pct
You really mean they’re not idiots?
The Slavs are the last big migration in Eurasia
1000 BC. Try again.
5- What the globalist idiots don't realize is that migration is as counterintuitive as compound interest. Had we had a migration rate similar to what we have today over 5-10 C, there would be no differenciation between populations.   Very similar to entropy. pic.twitter.com/nZWoS02S9k
Tooooooo high a rate: it needs to be around .1%
Empty spaces. The areas bordeing the steppes, the Americas...
Bingo!
3- Tiny rates of migration such as .5% per century can lead to big cumulative effects such as Subsaharan gene flow into Egypt ...
Very little genes.
2- Even places that underwent yuuuuuge ethnocultural changes such as Turkey show little gene flow. Turkey has tiny Turkic genes.  Historians are clueless about migrations.
Generic evidence please.
I see you want to market your paper but the tail risk analysis is INVARIANT to however you define unit costs: second order effects will be present in any form of COST. So go nitpick with some International economist who likes nonsense.  Gabish?
How did you express your short? I find it hard.
Fina bass lézém ta3réf kif.
French fries cooked in extra virgin local olive oil.  Beware seed oil.  (Northern Phoenicia) .  cc: @Mangan150 (corrected earlier typo) pic.twitter.com/kXN8G2pv8h
Changes nothing. Anything else?
Yes but you can unfreeze it from the toolbar on top.
Pray explain.
Trump's attitude to Iran:   EITHER  + Trump is a businessman not interested in situations rotting & permanent 40y tensions, trying to get a better deal than Obama. He is just bargaining.  OR   + Trump is serving the neocon agenda plus that of some other states.
Indo European, since it exists in Hindi.
And Nate Silver kept changing his prob. during the previous election.
It is not the incompetence of pollsters in polling, but in deriving probabilities of wins.
Tamir, do some thinking; it is not one event but both (event + opposite). Try again, think. OK?
The skin in the game argument is NOT for farmers. It is for tail risk of society done BY farmers. We are all harmed by their errors.
Footnotes:  1) An interesting point: you can also use the maximum entropy approach to get the same result as my election paper/problem with Klueless Nate.  2) The interesting part of the ArXiv paper isn't elections, but binary martingales. This can be applied to other processes. pic.twitter.com/4pRDSrtLCV
5- FOR THE RECORD  I am not translating @DineshDSouza's point that it was 50-50:  I ALSO understood ~50-50 DIRECTLY from Silver's "extremely" in the linked "The Hill".  Gabish?
50-50
No, the point is that when BOTH X and non-X are extremely possible, their prob shd be converging to .5
When someone says are event and its opposite are extremely possible I infer either 1) 50/50 or 2) the predictor is shamelessly hedging, in other words,  BS.
Do you have a link to the paper?
Magda, the effect can be somewhat magnified by an optical illusion: old species die, but do we count the new species?
Causality problems are tricky with these things
You mean should correct by multiplying or dividing by 2? Thanks
You mean men in better health take them?
We NEVER submitted to journals because Trevor Charles' employer MONSANTO engages is smear campaigns against journals and destroys the lives of people who publish, mostly through agents like Trevor Charles.
Do you have evidence “he doesn’t hold”?
 pic.twitter.com/tZqDIBJxdH
Typo, 1940-2018
Typo, 1940-2018
Most robust definition of the fraudster/charlatan:  Someone who 1) claims to be what he's not, or 2) misrepresents what he can deliver.  @davidboxenhorn
Waynak? Ana 3al tari2 waasel lyom.
Alas, yes.
I block (patronizing) idiots.
Socialism, def: a political system where decisions are made by people with advanced degrees in social “science”.
Rest in Peace, Nicolas Ghosn, MP, 1940-1988   (my uncle, mother's brother) pic.twitter.com/MHN0R9Cpp4
A society is as advanced as its treatment of its weak, its handicapped and incapacitated.
Not defined by quantity but by frequency of exposure.
You still have to logon every visit.
Pogroms in 1936, 56...
Famiky owns 2300 y o trees
You are not what you eat; you are what what you eat eats.  1st order vegetarians — cows, Californians, history majors  2nd order vegetarians — eat only 1st order vegetarians: (some) Semitic religions (w/only gras fed chicken), lions ...  Nonvegetarians: eat porc, crustaceous ...
How about letting people research your life in dusty archives...
No, jellybrain. It means that you don't need a reason to justify enmity, you need one to justify friendship.
Not quite: it is about how intellectuals are poor forecasters of future events, yet stick to making statements.
The @black_swan_man sent Halloween masks to a collection of people (includes a bust of Seneca sitting in a museum) pic.twitter.com/9z4x2h4Swn
Typo. Sorry.
Means that there are layers not just absorbing identities.
You can RETROSPECTIVELY measure the *real-IQ* of a blabbering intellectual from his/her historical grap of:  - Bitcoin - Tesla - Trump - GMOs  etc.
sent it
And the opposite of pan-Arabism is not Phoenicianism, but fractal localism.
I suggest he keeps his ideas to himself otherwise.
Iran is not an ally. Gabish?
tell @AswathDamodaran he needs to prove sample convergence first.
The intellectshual world is populated by a collection of people who are much better at explaining than understanding.
Odds are you are an idiot.
No, block Arabist idiots.
And Maronites became monothelites because of HellenoPhobia, while we Rhum were Greek at heart.
The trick is to memorize some stuff such as the derivative of arctan[x] is \frac{1}{x^2+1}.
Persians have solved the problem with Shiism imbued with Zoroastrianism. Turks had the sufi solution until recently.
Effectively a PM position worldwide is employment "at will".  Presidential systems produce monarchs with a reign of finite duration.
Where does the term "epistemic humility" originate from?
Kill shi ss3b ma bi ssiir.
3indé s3ubé e2ra...
Yes and I said so. But first order models NEVER prove anything under nonlinearity & the analysis made DOES NOT prove your statement.
ἐμαυτὸν καὶ τοὺς ἄλλους: skin in the game (ἐμαυτὸν) when ( ἄλλους)
Since Semitic Philology is open today, where is the connection between KNOSSOS and KNS? Were the Minoan place-names Semitic?
Explain why you don't get that an analysis of a nonlinear payoff REQUIRES including second order effects.
Avoidance of protectionism is NOT trade policy?
This is using EXACTLY the same argument in economics for N=2. If you generalize you get optimization, not "just one thing".  Do you have something more intelligent to say?
Haven't tried to solve this, but can't resist posting it. pic.twitter.com/XJsC8zs0UM
Explained in #Antifragile why top-down "globalization" a la Krugman increases risks. Monstrously increases risks.  Ricardian comparative advantage blows up under model error.  Economists know practically nothing about risk. pic.twitter.com/pqBlSOIimS
اللغة العربية قابلة للحضارة ، بل العقلية ...
I read in bilingual, usually.
Read stuff in translation, but it's more honest to work w/bilingual versions: Montaigne is now even translated from Medieval to Modern French (which was a no-no in my childhood).  The more organic the language, the more it changes. Arabic & Syriac are same across millennia.
Seneca.
A possible solution pic.twitter.com/NOs9XfSJyE
Another amuse-mind for Sunday PM. pic.twitter.com/MJqbrFEBmk
@DrCirillo
Also means West
Sham means North in Semitic
My attempt pic.twitter.com/JTsLJ3URNx
Can you show steps? Thanks!
Saturday morning math in memory of @CutTheKnotMath  (courtesy the Romanian Math Magazine) pic.twitter.com/g3oJNWOd6y
Yes. In Amharic it is even Wayn.
You are both an imbecile and a liar.
Saudi Barbaria will be doomed when shunning it becomes a form of virtue signaling.
Introducing REWRI instructors to squid ink! Looking for the reactions... pic.twitter.com/RMLj9p84O3
Pol Principles under complexity The project is growing pic.twitter.com/t5iWwz4jlV
Trishank, Phoenician alphabet (not even lang.) precedes Homer by 500-1000 years, so block this rambling idiot.
Why are you wasting our time if you don't know history?
יין (Hebrew)
Oinos comes from Phoenician Iain.
Gabrial Mathy you are a fraud. Knightian risks are dealt with via metaprobability.  I AM FED UP WITH ECONOMISTS MAKING FALSE CLAIMS ABOUT MY WORK. pic.twitter.com/KUkRjOwNKE
After intense lecktschuring I am in bed. Tomorrow I don't lecktschur we can go out for liquids and squid ink.
WTFRU
I think neo kan3ané will be more sucessfull within Leb. And of course the minimally complex spelling.
North-Western Syrian
Imbecile squared, this has been covered since Pyrrho of Ellis and I have 30 references of deep uncertainty.  How can someone so stupid make it to school in the morning?
Ya LebTwitter Shu bit7ébbo nsammé l lgha taba3na?  @oldlevantine @Extrachelle @HsenAndil @PZalloua @961Aleh @lebaneselingui1 @BLebnene @turlevnon
Frauster every single contributor to fat tails has been referenced, and more. Gabriel Mathy, LIAR
Chapter 2 of the Technical is standalone and nontechnical.
It's not about fat tails, but helps with the section on extremes.
We just examined his papers in a RWRI session: he doesn’t know GaussMarkov fails.
In other words this mega-idiot Gabriel Mathy "knows about fat tails", or "it's a peso problem" why are macroeconomists using their models, variance, metrics that fail under fatter tails? Why didn't they work on other classes of statistical estimators? Imbecile.
Real World Risk #9. 55 pple. Lunch break. pic.twitter.com/2GhOaMdNJn
And infinity.
Thursday March 2, 2017
Many people make the mistake of engaging shills with arguments. Never take at face value what a paid shill like that despicable @aliShihabi says.  Gabish?
For the record, Mr @aliShihabi, Saudi Gov. lobbyist, fully aware of my vocal criticism, has tried to infiltrate a restaurant dinner party I was giving, supposedly to "talk to me". I never talk to shills. I cannot be bribed by shills.   I am uncompromising:   I despise shills.
Sorry, redoing.
GC is reversible & abandoned when person cashes out from an overseas location.
In other words, @McKinsey effectively DID help Saudi Arabia track dissidents.  Despicable. pic.twitter.com/aAdJ6v5nsQ
Saudi Bigoteering:  Christians banned from areas/highways; identifying dress code for Saudis; tortures journos; ethnic cleanses Syria; beheads atheists/apostates/critics/LBGT; treats women/Asian workers like cattle  ...then send Twitter agents to mark critics as "racist".  @jack
Sorry, typo
Saudi Arabia is an “ally” FFS
Cleaner feed, make things easier for others. I block .1 % of people reduce BS by 99%
The most stupid way to learn probability is via measure theory.
Great! By definition the integral of the log is a polygamma function. My cheating: pic.twitter.com/1Vz0ofnJAL
That's cheating!
I block people who don't get that tweets and aphorisms don't need hedging: "almost", "most", etc. "Everything" shd read "Almost Everything".  Gabish?
Yes, I need some help.
One possible route for the solution. pic.twitter.com/E6ncDPDyPY
Almost
The café society, flaneuring atmosphere, and cultural discussions.
If I use the code word "Saudi Arabia" instead of "Saudi Barbaria", call the State Dept: I am kidnapped and forced to tweet by MBS's hnchmen.
Saturday Morning Math Exercise: in remembrance of our friend @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/WGwbZQju6g
Please don't let people know.
nonouso
Or Phoenician. What subclade?
I block idiots. Nothing personal.
In "Skin in the Game", I state that there is no group that violates morality rules and symmetry (fundamental ethics) as much as the neocons.
How did you know? Please don't tell anyone.
Details: pic.twitter.com/jM80A8bUaY
Falakji -> maker  Falaki a7san
Khabir falak a7san min 3aalim
Iza baddak. Awwal jmlé "s'il vous plait, dessine moi un mouton" lézém tkoun tarjemta kamén fiya ghalta: "mil fadlkoun, sawwérlé 2ar2our".
Wen sirt bil mir l zghir?
Yesterday I received the @Wolfram Award (for computational mathematics).  It’s not an award. It’s an accreditation: a statement by the smartest person I know about (@stephen_Wolfram) certifying:  “As far as I can see, for computational probability, N N Taleb is not an idiot”. pic.twitter.com/IcM3gMw14G
You need to be convex to errors...
We divide dossiers for effectiveness.
At any rate I will start my lecture with:   Delenda Saudi Barbaria pic.twitter.com/JvAICZU9Ok
In about one hour I am slated to lecture on “how to tinker with probability using Mathematica.”  Should I use the platform to discuss Saudi Barbaria instead? What should I talk about?
Thanks! Missed it as I did block Razib Khan.
Julian!
This is cherry picking: he supported executing people for expressing ideas. Should we also remove some of his other "mistakes"?  Asymmetry: we are ethically obligated to defend pple who are in favor of beheading dissidents when it's their turn to be beheaded. That's civilization.
Nafs l Judd. L 7akim, bayy bayyo w bayy 3anan.
I block pple for sophistry.
Nephew (ibn 5ayyo)
Do you have problems of reading comprehension?
EMPIRICAL RIGOR  Will all due respect to @NickKristof, BS vendor @jk_rowling, Kashoggi was a defender of HIS OWN free speech, not that of others.  K supported the beheading of Nimr, the Shiite cleric who dared to speak up.   Disclosure: I met Khashoggi in Riyadh in 2011. pic.twitter.com/LYTM8vrnk4
I've lost 10 lbs since. These videos make you go on a diet.
"A single journalist is a tragedy; ten thousand Yemenis is a statistic".                                                                                         Joseph Stalin, 1949
Russians are not “allies”.
Now we are making progress. If I entered the Saudi consulate and beat up one of the prediabetic sheikhs, would the NY police intervene?  So if they can call the police on me( by (“authorizing”), not the reverse, there is an asymmetry.
So, in other words, if the Saudis had guillotines in their consulates to streamline future processes, it’s no problem?
Say I showed up at the Saudi Consulate in New York to get a visa to vacation in one of their fabulous resorts, & they hacked me to pieces. Assume there is no evidence I am a US. citiizen.   Would the New York police need to ask Saudi Barbaria for permission to investigate?
Weisenthal, how can someone as stupid as you get on a plane without a hitch?
This is a nice narrative for expropriation and a violation of individual rights.
That's the same. But delayed release.
Email is best
This is why you are an idiot.
There will be an inexpensive paperback version later in 2019-2020. The vol 1 of the Technical Incerto sh be out  in 2-3 months (color, hardback, my own design), subsidized.
Imbecile, you are reciting thr Wahabi interventionism propaganda. Imbecile.
Nobody disagrees on taxonomy; conventions change according to discipline. It is a matter of uniformization of conventions.
Yemen? Leb?
This is the hardcover (much more expensive than the paperback), coming out in March 2019.
Evidence of mega-interventionism.
Without them Lebanon would be a Qaeda state. Qabish?
Level 1, 2, 2b (Lognormal), 3, 3b (no moments)
Level 1, level 2, level 3.
Last version of the next Box Set. Aesthetics count. Which is why I write in LaTeX. pic.twitter.com/skCXDpOaMA
The problem at hand is as follows: you cannot do statistics "science", and "evidence" without some inductive mechanism or a structure for negative empiricism. The idea is to mitigate not solve, just offer an expression to the gravity of the problem.
Lognormal or Gamma.
He is ^2 part of it.
Was asking what Ph meant, he meant Philippines.
Above
(cont, 3) Classical: there is a problem of induction Hume: there is no BASIS for induction.
(cont) Hume apparently removed God from the fideist's arguments.
Arguably, this level up (no guaranteed causation) was present in the AlGazel, later the fideists: Huet, later Bayle.  We are just looking at the simpler problem of enumerative induction & its fitness in the statsticl machinery: how can we express degrees of it probabilistically?
We have been using in finance the same taxonomy with different expressions: + Fat Tails: Kurt >3 + Subexponential Fat Tails + Regular Variation Fat Tails
Ph? cc: @petelx60
CASCADES  Saudi Barbaria will give us an illustration of a standard cascade: Barbaria can retaliate against a single company or a country (as they tried w/Canada); but cannot do so against the rest of the world.  Cascades are the standard readjustment for complex systems.
King Kong on Broadway? I have to improvise! pic.twitter.com/TxWDcDZWuC
This allows to set conditions under which no convergence (kappa= necessarily =0)
who are you?
I saw Nina grow up on social media!
He is not getting that skin in the game is safer FOR OTHERS, plus the necessary is NOT the sufficient.
In other words, Saudi Barbaria is saying:  "We didn't mean to kill him; we just tortured him to death"
You mean, another writer?
Unless they are fables or fable-like (Borges, Calvino), short stories are hard to remember.
No: <1% of tweeters
Short stories are mostly read by people who want to write short stories.
Jellybrain, journos didn't care about the ROLE of Saudi Arabia in 911.
3- Now if the Clown Prince of Saudi Barbaria makes a deal w/Iran to retaliate against the West, guess what would happen:   Iranians will just take their oil, via a Shiite insurrection.  Reason: oil reserves are in the Shiite section & indigenous are treated like sub-dhimmis.
You are assuming they have some form of intelligence?
...and said journalist is a Muslim Brotherhood activist, in favor of the ethnic cleansing of Syria, the Yemen war, & other Jihadisms.  His falling out w/the Clown Prince of Saudi Barbaria (a.k.a MBS) is infighting similar to the Castellammarese War  betw. mafia families.  Gabish?
I am saying Northern Europe shd not cherry pick from the Med.
No.
En train de finir un fascicule.
A Yuuuge agency problem in journalism: they care abt journalists far more than other pple.  + Saudi Barbaria does Sept 11, blows up & ethnically cleanses Syria, Salafizes countries, wrecks Yemen. Nobody cares.  + Saudi Barbaria suspected of killing one journalist, total deluge.
Genetically and culturally fake category.  Chromoidentities. pic.twitter.com/SoLmuCxRwo
You need a subexponential distribution. CRITICALLY
And... I was in Cologne. Missed it.
Not sure about the bone saw yet.
Most plausible explanation is that they wanted to take him to Saudi Barbaria.
For those who don't get it: 1- My comment in new book: You can ONLY use Bayesian updating under reliable priors and reliably CONVERGING probabilities. 2- Efron's outstanding summary. pic.twitter.com/KK8UQ74hKM
I read the article. You are an imbecile.
Not if you are not certain about probability. You can't pull probability out of a hat without a distribution (error rate). Probability requires something reliable to start with, not a forced numerical guess with broad error.  Look up my metaprobability.
The math is not fine. Probability has an error rate. Cluelessness squared.
The approach to the murder of the journo by Saudi Barbaria (if details are true) illustrates the conflation the sophisticated w/what looks sophisticated.  The most sophisticated approach wd have been to use a cheap hitman on a motorcycle.  Saudis acted like academic economists.
Vaut le voyage.
What did Bill Starr die from?
No, no, no, no. You need OLIVE oil not seed oil with it.
(Blocking works well: I used to get 15-20 "cute" remarks for the Math quizzes, now I just get 2 or 3).  You reduce 95% of the noise just  by blocking .1% of the followers.
The long route, unlike @laptopman4 pic.twitter.com/Qhi7jlI47l
Hint pic.twitter.com/S15lBVNjL2
Weird.
Meetings are metastatic.
A simple riddle, courtesy the Romanian Mathematical Magazine. pic.twitter.com/Ba47RfEUE2
A reliable predictor of future insuccess: if someone writes long (and frequent) emails.
Emtin?
Bingo!
A Romanian woman was assassinated in a bathroom in Abu Dhabi. No cameras.
Those like me critical of Saudi Barbaria, be careful when visiting satellites (Gulf countries).  I  was recently forced to transit via AbuDhabi (betw India & Phoenicia).  1) I was never alone & out of sight of a crowd of foreigners,  2) never used a bathroom (no cameras).
Had.
There is a yuuuge business right there.
Paul give him a break.
Off the bat, is it 15% of list?
I can explain later. The scam is that the 500 copies go to libraries.
As a skeptic I always give the benefit of the doubt, especially to former Christian Lebanese and future former Arabists.  I am serious abt helping with contracts.
I am an akademic when it's the good sense of the word (rigor,  uncompromising search for the truth, & skeptical inquiry) not rent-seeking fabrications.
You're assuming I am not talking precisely about akademic "monographs".
Per favore, mandami il pdf della traduzione.  Selezionero una sezione
Mrabba l mushmosh.
Your remark is jellyish (linking my sales to my inference). My point is precisely that academics w/weak hand get screwed unless they have a ~complete product to shop. Publishers lock-you up w/a weak deal. PS- I am also an "academic". I've helped 00s of authors negotiate kontracts
Actully data shows radiation docktas live much longer then their peers...
One simple business lesson from a veteran: Book proposals or "projects" are ways to rip off authors & control them; near-completed books are worth much much more.
Chi non risica non rosica.
Jellybrain, this is what I've been saying. Get a life as you will be blocked in 1 hour.
Never said that about Copts. Copts have 20pct  Subsaharan. They differ from Ancient Egyptians w/ a subsaharan flow of .5% over 4000 years. So read before attributing claims to others.
f***ck, no.
Plane ride to LA. Took the engineering route, not the mathematician's. pic.twitter.com/1HwyUutwcA
...which we know isn't from Popper.
TEchnical Black Swan Problem pic.twitter.com/GmcEV30DFn
This is jellyblabber: 1) it ASSUMES they are unrelated (independence cannot hold here otherwise there would be no point for character check), 2) that you actually know the probability
Instead: "Sorry, nothing personal, but I block idiots".
MATH PROBLEM DU JOUR (EASY): pic.twitter.com/GVz3araMFc
No
Is it the womanizing? the "pear-shaped playboy" aspect?
Squid ink And tripes pic.twitter.com/j8kDBoVXpb
Don’t. #Positivism
He is right about France. It is a repressive program ... 15 languages eradicated, etc.
The minute you centralize it, it becomes Nationalism (a la pan-Germanic National Socialism)
Pan-Turanism <- Tur Abdin center of the Syriac nation, language Turoyo.
Political Incerto
I could solved the issue as follows: if it is fractal, it’s not nationalism but multiscale localism.
No, nationalism is onedimensional and represses localism.
Sorry, but  I block idiots.  There is something about extreme stupidity that makes it unethical in its harm the public.  Please do not take it personally. Nothing personal, but I just block idiots.
And would he have been hired by a HF/given money/ appt on board of Apple had he not been a politician?  Please think before tweeting. I don't like sloppy reasoning.
2) Why are journos such as @davidfrum  sooooooooooooo clueless about rent seeking? pic.twitter.com/bxhWV0ptcz
Embedding the idea of organic local language into LOCALISM not NATIONALISM, something neither Arab nationalists, Lebanese anti-Arab-Nationalists, & identity mongers seem to get.    @961Aleh @QifaNabki @oldlevantine @lebaneselingui1 pic.twitter.com/B15lF67Ll1
It is precisely because vegetables are poisonous that we need them 1) in small quantities, 2) with  irregularity.  Hormesis. See #Antifragile
The other way, no?
I did 10 x 5 x 70%1RM. Can't move from fatigue/ soreness.
Simpson's paradox is another manifestation of the failure of simple operators under convexity: summation (mean-field)/averaging...
The Greeks saw Tyre as the parent of "Europa", hence a privileged  origin.
Except that it's not certain the Levantines & Egyptians were called "barbarians" at the time...  Sidonians and others Ph. were never metics in Athens.
With whom?
Do I strike you as someone who would set foot in Harvard Square?
Ethical Inquiries and Discussions pic.twitter.com/dC4Fscoiuv
Mabrouk 3al walad
I can guarantee the publishing.
Excccccccelent point
We should all help here on Twitter with the rough patches.
In progresso.
It gives financial control of religious affairs to the state. As in Germany.
If you want someone to read ALL your tweets, block him or her.
It's not just faster. Your Sunstein understand no probability.
NE3meTo3me
You don't seem very smart. In Saudi Arabia you are a foreigner if you don't belong to ancestral tribes.
Good form
Why is his race relevant to the audience? You are not getting my point that it reduces his other dimensions.
I use TeXPad or other Latex editors.
Zaghtur is better! Endearing. Note zghir => z3ur
Please use “mir” as it is authentic. When I was a kind: mir mjid arslan became Arabized: mir majid arslan, etc.
ABSTRACT UNIVERSALISMS AND PSEUDOIDENTITIES 1) People conflate differences between groups and difference between individuals. 2) Identity politics leads to stereotyping, no different from racial profiling. pic.twitter.com/CbUVmCrZbn
In Turkish, Kaşıkçı means spoon maker.
An uninteresting twist to the Khashoggi story is that  Khashoggi is not a Saudi Arab, but a Turkish-Syrian name.
Ethics pic.twitter.com/vkSUEHZv7H
The problem is that people engage shills thinking their arguments will change their minds. You see it with Monsanto shills, with agents of Saudi Barbaria, etc.
You are right. It seems that the problem shd be >=1. Will check with author.
Almost all those caught a logical fallacy interpret it as a disagreement.  (BTW I tend to block people making logical errors/engaging in sophistry on my feed) pic.twitter.com/KOQXGRf8rn
If you know so well what my point is about, why don't you write my tweets?
The point is not about evidence, only that you can tell the author is a Saudi shill (which you can find out easily).  Read tweets more slowly.
I block sophistry.
The Cauchy-Sch is in 2 steps
Solution with probabilistic approach pic.twitter.com/hKDYjfc5Xc
A partisan's (or an ideologue's) assessment of a situation doesn't depend on the situation.
What ancient + modern  genetics we got show them to have a bit of flow from the North (Anatolia) mixed with local Natufians.  As the Romans described them they looked "like Romans".
Note: I systematically block people with cute remarks on math problems.
A math problem a la @CutTheKnotMath for the weekend. Courtesy Dan Sitaru, the Romanian Mathematical Magazine. pic.twitter.com/F6HdFanbgM
Mathematicians think in proofs, lawyers in constructs, logicians in operators, dancers in movement, artists in impressions, and idiots in labels.
Too many people think in labels.
The teleological fallacy
Do you see a connection between awwal and wali? Would parallel rishon/ qadmé.
Replace AND IF:  ‘The market punishes BS’ by  AND IF:  ‘The market EVENTUALLY punishes BS’  then you have the answer.
Even sloppier answer to the exposition of intellectual sloppiness.
This is the genetic fallacy. The internet was founded as a military application.
Gustavo, you need to block some people who pollute feeds.
The market does NOT come from social science. Think before tweeting.
The value of a degree is in its RELIABILITY: when ill in a foreign country you can bet the MD has minimal competence. Like a driver's license.  HUMANITIES/SOCIAL SCIENCE degrees offer no reliability.  If you don't know what you get, degrees are worthless.  The market punishes BS
Affirming the consequent.
(Madrid)
Madeid (a brief stop) pic.twitter.com/DxGqa8n3gk
Please note that I only do book lecktchurs when the book is out in the language, even then.  I don't do book lecktchurs for a living. I prefer technical lectchurs on probability.
From what I see, either this @pekesenertjes or @r_thaler don't understand ergodicity.
Then why the f*** don’t you nitpick JFK?
This is not science. BS.
No
I don't think I can do 4. 2 max.
Done.
The economic benefits would greatly offset the costs.
I got you covered. How many seats?
Thanks! Howareyoudooowing othewise?
Can you use my FULL name as requested? Why is it so hard to apply?
Let her go tell a Turk, Persian, or Greek that theirs are "Arabic" features and wait for the result.
No, they know it is not Normal, but don't get the L2 norm fails under fat tails.
After the Macbook MacOS patch, even slower. @WolframResearch pic.twitter.com/hd1Ekt3h23
I would have also fired the psychoanalysts!
Ms @jenanmoussa is conflating Anatolian (Turkish-Agean-East Med-Armenian-North Person) looks for "Arabian". There are ~ <3% "Arabian" (i.e. Peninsular) genes in Lebanon.  You cannot BS with genetics.
Last night I dreamed that I was given The job at the Federal Reserve. I walked in and announced that 1) every economist with an academic origin would be laid off, 2) every statistician who used "variance" in a research paper would be immediately terminated.
Same people...
Duesseldorf  The German Publisher put me in a hotel with a fully functional bathtub on the balcony. If these things don't make you a traditionalist, I don't know what will. pic.twitter.com/MuvfG17jRy
These are technicalities. Explicit payments are not necessary: mere support from and collaboration with a propaganda outfit classifies a person as an agent/propagandist.
Frey7a bi 3arrebon shwayy
Bad if consumed chronically not acutely.
Hence hormesis. Up to a point.
WTF do you need a book by nerds to show we are a nerdified kultchur?
The only person who showed spine inthe episode was Lindsey Graham. I hate him. He is a neocon. He is an interventionist. But he showed spine.
Early Christianity.
No. From Christianity.
This is not a job interview for auditor in chief at the local utility company. This is a lifetime apptmnt as a justice in the Supreme Court. It entails tough decisions.  Very tough decisions.  Gabish?
Sub-imbecile you don’t remotely know the life I has. It is not my style to trumpet it.
He still behaved like a slighted slave...
James, the guy is so klueless you should feel sorry for him.
Ma fi hal 2add. Bfassirlik kif l UN kézzébin
I never have words on my slides
NYU has a good mechanism to collect before final exams and keep confidential. This is fraud.
The point is that it is not a good idea for a journalist to abet fraudulent information, particularly that I an vindictive enouth to make their lives miserable for decades.
These were not students but friends of Niederhoffer. "Adjuct professor" was 2002.
Answer: A 4 leg version of Jensen's inequality. pic.twitter.com/DonVIDZtMB
Joe Wiesenthal, @TheStalwart why are you spreading fake student evaluations by the anonymous @quantian1? Unethical.
3mello block w rte7 minno.
We have data on your employer @MiddleEastInst . You can fool people only for a short period of time.
You are good. Very good.
Some Saturday morning Math in the style of @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/nrf10gZST3
3) Not to mention that the employer of @rmslim is the @Middleeastinst paid by Persian Gulf states to promote Salafism & help destroy minorities & localists in Syria.  In other words @rmslim is a PAID propagandist for evil Salafi states and some idiots unknowlingly engage her.
Fucking idiot you didn’t even google it.
You are so fucking ignorant of your own language. Google gabish.
Some of the commentators (#idiots) here don't get that the two statements:  1) believing that K is a victim and  2) believing that K is weaker than expected  are compatible.  Gabish?
Crying in public because you saw atrocities and feel sorry for someone else is fine; crying in public because you feel sorry for yourself (& implore others to feel sorry for you) is the greatest marker of weakeness.
I've started training seriously for the clean-press. Exhilarating!
No. The accuser will only take the deal if it is true.
SYMMETRY  A soldier was accused of stealing someone's food and eating it. The commander offered the following Solomonic deal. They kill the soldier and look into his stomach. If there is no food as described by the accuser, the accuser is put to death.
No.
We know she doesn't like to testify. But misrepresenting the reason is not a good thing when you are a witness --and the only witness?  How do we say Gabish in Lebanese?
I know there had to be some funding since I personally testified in Congress against a $200 million funding to do "econometric" research to predict crises.
Nobody is contesting the undesirability of such a testimony. Was explaining the insistence on fear of flying by the questioner.
Incidentally this is translated by the most erudite man in history. pic.twitter.com/rFq2ax3pp7
Let me translate into Medieval Arabic.   "3araja l jamalu min shuffatuhu", in other words was looking for an excuse to avoid testifying.
She invoked fear of flying to avoid testifying in DC. The committee offered to fly to her. She still refused.  So the questioner put in doubt her fear of flying showing she had hobbies that took her to the S Pacific.
It didn' hit you that very selective "fear of flying" reflect on the reliability of the witness & excuse to avoid process?  How do you say #SecondOrderInformation in Medieval Arabic?
Does anyone have an idea of government funding for economic "research"? Grants to universities, etc.
Not ethnically and culturally. Get over it.
Not Arabs. All Lebanese.
OK, many roads... pic.twitter.com/RruU6HwY0j
I think censoring shd be done by individuals (just as we block callers) not by the equivalent of the phone company.
You don't get unblocked. Want to delete your remark before the block?
MATH DU JOUR  For those who survived the morning riddle, a yuugely  interesting one.  [Please avoid cute nonmath remarks: someone blocks all authors of polluting remarks on my MathTwitter feed and I cannot do anything about it]. pic.twitter.com/JmOJu74Y1c
You need a chalkboard. I just ordered one.
Thanks! Can you show your method?
What did they do to Ferdowsi?
These conflict with other busts from Cadiz.  Could be fake pictures?
See above. Which method did you use?
Note: ALL authors of snide remarks on MathTwitter get automatically blocked. I can't unblock and can't stop it.  Sorry for the inconvenience.
My approach pic.twitter.com/I0DMdhJWgl
The IYI class & the conviction by these sub-idiots that they are unconditionally smarter than practitioners. Why Stiglitz still unaware he helped wreck FNMAe and Venezuela.  "He [Volker] is the best central banker ever..."  "Is he smart like us?", Stiglitz asked Rogoff. pic.twitter.com/UhbGJ98CQI
Jastrow is post Mishnaic.
@Jonassibony can help with the Semitic root of 3ta pic.twitter.com/WzFrLO7t7D
Sorry, but I am FED UP with Arabists who think that Arabic is the center of the world, expropriating other languages.
nitwit, you are not getting that 3atiyyé is NOT from the Arabic?
A math morning riddle to distract ourselves from Atiyah's proof.  Courtesy Romanian Mathematical Magazine. pic.twitter.com/3NOgE1RBTJ
Sorry, comment withdrawn. I silenced @kshuk
Depends on the squid ink.
Excellent News!  Henry I. Miller is no longer at the Hoover Institution.
Title is fine. I need to check the description
Maybe I need to check the text on the cover.
Yes, what's wrong?
4) "My understanding is: the LEFT stands against exploitation & coersion of the weak. The chief exploitation of the public isn't corporations that go bust; it's the permanence of rent-seeking fake experts such as Krugman, Bernanke & the neocons who inflict risks on others."
Pedrag are you living in Serbia?
Ironically I am now in Denver Colorado Aiport and it's called Denver Colorado Aiport.
Will be in Cologne next weekend, Berlin next Tuesday, then Madrid.  Somethinggottowork
Sa7teyn = bon appetit  Na3iman is untranslatable
I found “chantage moral” in French which works in some contexts.
PHILOLOGY DU JOUR  How do you translate ”Bi rabbe7 jmilé” from Leb? Genuinely failed.
Your attack in Kav. was not an ad hominem?  Bullshitter.
2) These "leftists" even agreed that":  The central state ends up being controlled by lobbyists  The tort system outperforms centralized regulation: EPA was owned by Monsanto (retrospective bribe/hiring former regulators)  Banks subjected to bailouts shd have government salaries
No, leftists but rather to the left of the "Democratic" party and not part of that narrative.
My point for 31 years
Din shu bye2rabo la @emiliodib ?
Localism and Skin in the Game.  Boulder pic.twitter.com/9lFtLw28vE
Only if you don't have sun exposure to stimulate melanocyte regrowth.
Not quite... So far in finance all they got was nice nonpredictive BS (when they aimed to be predictive).  Works for general properties, mostly to destroy scale free linear universalism.
But you have to be careful to go by skin color: sun exposure makes a yuuuuge difference for some skins. You put a rural Syrian in an urban place and they become pale.
There is NO Mideastern race. You have   Cluster 1 (Meds) : Georgia-Armenia-Turkey-NorthLevant (Leb + North Syria)-Cyprus-Greece- S. Italy (includes Bulgaria, some Romanians, etc.)  Cluster 2: Red Sea (incl. Egypt, W Saudi Arabia)  Cluster 3: Persian Gulf-Pakistan-Western India
So it looks concave (over the long run) 5 reps outperforms the combinations...
"academic" is usually BS
You are answering a bitter failed biz book writer I’ve blocked...
Le donne
Much before. With the Mamelouks. Perhaps even the Fatimids.
Then you can see if convexity is with respect to total weight.
The idea is to see on which side of Jensen's inequality: (locally) convex or concave? pic.twitter.com/XkX0qLQIcl
DISCUSSION  Nothing more exhilarating than the press! Just the mental energy required to push the metal over your head.  Now let f(.) be the benefit & x the # of reps; ignoring injury risks: f(1)+f(9) > (<) 2 f(5) ?  i.e., 2 sets of 5 better or worse than 1 RM + 9 RM?  Explain pic.twitter.com/Qi5exdub2e
This was written 21 years ago: "professionals" mistaking probability for expectation.  From Fooled by Randomness pic.twitter.com/kwzbT2KWLF
You need to clean up your crowd.
That was FBR
You are NOT getting it. It is turning out that they could not figure out where "scientific" approaches trump heuristics; these papers are almost ALL flawed.
From some brainwashing that is easy to reverse.
Too pink
Refusing the filter of “experience” is negating evolution. We didn’t make it through zillion of years without helpful statistical intuitions.
We have MSS of Galen in Syriac. So the translation might be Syriac to Arabic, ironically for the benefits of the Persians who substituted Arabic for Syriac...  Persians had a yuuuge medical tradition, just switched languages.
Red Sea cluster, Persian Gulf cluster, South West Med cluster.  East-Med cluster originates in Georgia-Zagros-Anatolia.
Plus Armenia, of kourse. Same food, same kultchur, same.... genetics.
By elimination: Arabists are those who don't get that Lebanon isn't part of the cluster "Minal Khalij l Hadiri Ilal Mu7it l Atlasi", but a DIFFERENT cluster:  Georgia-Turkey-Lebanon-Western Syria-Cyprus-Kurdstan-Peloponnesian-Zagros/ Iran.  See food commonalities bef Kultchur.
Actually never claimed Phoenician identity, just call what some pple designate as "Lebanon" by Phoenicia to piss-off Arabists whom I truly disrespect.
Actually there is evidence pple did NOT "speak" Syriac: the language of Bar Hebraus is the same as 3 C before, and 3 C later, meaning it was just for writing.  People spoke a family of local dialects now called Aramaic.
I am not obsessed by Phoenician identity (I see myself more like East-Med, GraecoPhoenician & localist); this is just to piss off Arabists whom I find intellectually repulsive.
Some Christians
Just as English scholars "spoke" Latin.   You are flowing identities in an anachronistic way.
You are flowing backward some modern  “identities”. People had a tribe or lineage plus a religion, except for urban Greek speakers who were more into geography than lineage (Athenodoros of Laodicia rather than AbdShemesh Ibn Ballout Al Nahbuzi)
Perfectly wrong  analogy. The French trained the team. They had a soccer tradition. Arabs trained no scholar and had NO scholarly tradition .
“Medieval Society”? These were conquered people. Dhimis were inferior legaly and socially. And there were tons of apartheid rules.
As well as Persians. This is similar to Qatar buying Brazilian soccer players and claiming great national skills.
OK correct tweet to translators without The House of Wisdom. Those who did the work were under some form of  apartheid.
A lot of educated pple spoke and wrote Greek without setting foot in Roman lands: Consider John of Damascus.
Elias you also ignore the fact that these Christian scholars fromthe House of Wisdom were dhimmis living under apartheid. As your ancestors...
And calling these languages “Arabic vernaculars” is highly unrigorous  and unempirical.
I don’t hold that Lebanese “descends from” Syriac. Languages don’t procreate and make babies.
New version coming
Fix is not good enough.
If you need your reputation more than I need mine, I own you. Otherwise you own me.
Bet you it's fake news.
See you there.
You seem to be finding problems with text to justify a violation of principle.  Very shoddy behavior. Despicable.
Or a Twitter fight.
Comparing the old Macbook pro (left) to the new one (right) using @WolframResearch's Mathematica.  Looks like the new one is SLOWER for Monte Carlo simulations. pic.twitter.com/cn3i22NXQi
Baker
2) Note that evil corporations use social media to bully critics.  Monsanto's smear campaign against scientists is based on internet mobs organized by @KetchumPR.
Fuck off, I don't need you to read my books.
If social media scares you, change profession.  Now.  You can no longer be a scholar or scientist if you don't have f*** you money or f*** you attitude. Otherwise you're at the mercy of mob lynching.  Ian Buruma abt pple "not convicted by the judiciary but by social media": pic.twitter.com/sfl7QOb0K9
not friends
My greatest fear is to have someone who  just as Soros who got Popper's Open Society exactly backwards & funded an "Open Society Inst." for a Platonic bureaucrat-led #skininthegame-free monoculture,   starts an *Incerto Institute* promoting Kantian scale-free Universalism.
What are you doing on Twitter today?
Syncretism
Dawkins popularized his idea
My father used to hang around with your grandfather “un grand erudit”;  I plan to do same with father...
Your father would certainly know. Still aiming to go to Deir-el-2amar
Un homme honete peut faire un tweet malhonete?
You seem to be a thoughtful person.
You are a total swindler : ~less than 1/10 of people will clink on 2nd link particularly when you have a 30 sec clip.  I block fraudsters.
Ms Dolle you are using swindlers techniques: when the abstract does not match the message. This is pure intellectual fraud.
This is what I call fine print. His headline and the link I watched are misleading, downright Misreprentation  He should say “Although Lebanon is undergoing reforesration, some cedar trees at lower altitude may not do well....”.  He is fundamentally dishonest.
Definitely
I watched WHAT YOU PROVIDED, your fucking sensationalism, not the fine print you hedge yourself with.
People in Lebanon used to rely on timber for heating/cooking (& tax payment to the Ottomans).  Fossil fuel allowed the greening across places. It is bad (side effects), but one should NEVER represent a partial picture like this shoddy sensationalist @FranckGenauseau
1) Cedar story is missing the success of new growth across the mountain. 2) @FranckGenauze has never heard of cherry picking/sensationalism/sucker alarmism. pic.twitter.com/iL1mnw7Y0i
You are doing shoddy sensationalism. Did you discuss the 150,000 cedars sprouting at higher elevation?
The point is that Meds ate with the right hand (it  was sort of sacred)*; whether left-reclining was the cause or dexterity, or both, or neither.  See partisans and fishcakes
No. Try it.
Yes but log(sum) < sum(logs)
Math Problem du Jour.  Courtesy: Romanian Mathematical Magazine. pic.twitter.com/iiKnwv0sxc
Lebanon is de facto nearly a confederation and inching in that direction.
Romans leaned left because they ate with their right hand.
Exactly, if the Lindy mechanism for felony doesn't work for Supr Court judges, it doesn't work in general and we have a lawless society.
Why are you so tolerant of the fellow's nonsense. It would set a precedent as anyone can be accused of anything that matches such a level of gravity.
No I don't
The division in politics can be summarized as between       + Embedded, complexity-minded, multiscale/fractal localists (politics as an ecology/complex adaptive system)       + Abstract one-dimensional universalists & monoculturalists (politics as a top-down engineering project)
Note: When Arabo-Sunni-Islamists want to smear the LOCALISTS & minorities who want bottom-up self-determination, s.a. Christians, Shiites & oth minorities they use tags such as "right wing", "sectarian", "fascist", etc.  (Look at behavior of low-IQ fraud-propagandist @shadihamid)
My feeling is the barrier is Madfoun, where the dialect changes into “o” from “a”.
Your statement is making at least one elementary logical fallacy. Very elementary.
I hate the Assad family, particularly the father. With passion, for what they did here.  But I have some ethics & will oppose their removal.  Gabish?
Please answer fools like that in our ergodicity/precautionary paper
Actually I lose weight: one yuuuge meal a day, late lunch.
Lunch in Northern Phoenicia pic.twitter.com/dqiExl3rpD
I usually block idiots. Sorry.
You don’t understand symmetry.
The conviction that one can impose a "rational" spelling on people simply because it is better betrays complete misunderstanding of the dynamics of social contagion. It only works in a theological framework, under some strick authority, even then.
As to numerical tricks pic.twitter.com/xLWf4VzMyu
Nitpickers get blocked.
Chabris has @cfchabris a study showing the memory of chess players being local to the game.
Block and enjoy Twitter. Risk mgt.
Any systematic study?
Friends, what's the real life performance of chess players? How do they fare in, say science and business?
muzzled
Carnivores don't like to eat carnivores, with exceptions such as pigs... which explains some interdicts.
You can get tighter bounds than a[n+1]<2 and a[n] is not >a[n+1]
"Warning" is just words without skin in the game. Anybody can remember the right warnings ex post.  Gabish?
SUNDAY MATH RIDDLE, courtesy Romanian Mathematical Magazine. pic.twitter.com/x5ZGSxUMkD
Because drugs have SIDE EFFECTS
No
Looks are clinical expressions.
No. Using meth as an extreme case.
DISCUSSION The *phenomenology* of aging as at least partly from the asymmetry of 1) stuff you put into your body (risk of harm> risk of improvement), 2) the nonlinearity of its dose-response (large vs hormetic small dose). (This is 2 ½ years of meth)  #Antifragile pic.twitter.com/6d17dO3osw
Je serai aux E-U...
Je vais voir apres-demaing si Antoine Achrafieh a une copie @Antoine_Online
2) Table of moments under various transformations, to backup the earlier statements. pic.twitter.com/Dp8XMEeJyw
You need to relogin every time you visit.
Focus on ..."the science"? You are talking about fucking psychology, right?
Maybe @HarryDCrane could publish it on his site? This was initially an invited paper by the British Journal of Political Science then they nitpicked and I told them to f*** off (verbatim).
No
You need jetlag
Probability Du Jour  Stochastic Volatility and Power Laws: The fruits of Jet Lag pic.twitter.com/v5nzJ3HyL3
Block anyone using "Occam's razor", ot "zero death from GMOs", typically from the  industry shill script.
No, not what I am saying: one has MORE committment for some than others. Stupid tweet.
How do you know since it is NOT labeled and there are NO studies?
2/ The point, to repeat, isn't that Monsanto's products are just unsafe. It is that they: + made claims of safety WITHOUT testing + owned a horde of "science" journalists promoting "GMO=science" + brutally destroyed the reputation of skeptic scientists + owned regulators (EPA)
The only answer I can give to your tweet is that I block idiots.
You can almost always find flaws in a research paper, (partic. social science).  So if you only publish papers that are flawed AND politically correct & remove those that are flawed BUT not politically correct, science becomes a political enterprise, that is, propaganda.  Gabish?
We can see it in the DNA
Pierre Zalloua visiting me in Northern Phoenicia for some araq and kebbe. pic.twitter.com/tK0b0gB4Hn
Phoenicians are mainly J2a.
The sick condition is when you never dip into fat reserves.
This is the simplest representation of the 1rst order effect.
Delenda MONSANTO.   Thank you markets. Let the death spiral start. Bayer is down 30% over the past couple of months. There are >8000 lawsuits coming.  Never ever build your business messing with science & smearing scientists. It all comes out.  Monsanto shills are unprotected. pic.twitter.com/U00l6c2d1j
First order representations are best PIECEWISE linear.
This is the upper bound.
2) The fact that ~½ taxes are paid by the 1% shd make anyone with ½ brain realize that there is a great deal of redistribution.  In fact economists are just rent-seeking parasites w/no economic contribution and it is THEIR relatively high low-risk income that shd be redistributed
Jaffer, Michael is one of us.
Athos for one hour, or 45 minutes. Italy for longer visits. Levant for even longer ones.
Someone is subsidizing your bullshit, mainly terminals. And journos are paid, not the investors. So you should keep your mouth shut and learn to reason during your spare time.
Nitwit how much is Bloomberg paying you? And who is subsidizing it.
That's the usual BS. They used fat tails but treated via thin tailed estimators.
More Popper on the IYIs, the nudgers, the Platonic "experts". Even gun control... pic.twitter.com/mt1XbtL9CZ
2) The biggest irony is that what Soros calls his "Open Society" activity is about as un-Popperian as it gets.
Karl Popper, in his Open Society, describes to a "T" the crowd of unelected patronizing "experts" who want to run the lives of people and call those who oppose them "populists". Beautiful Plato vs Socrates passage. pic.twitter.com/gaTfAnSvZA
Borell-Cantelli style. Pure random.
We can try:  Level 1 randomize words from a dictionary Level 2 randomize word then randomize from words than follow it in dic. Still yuuuuuuuge cc:@QifaNabki
Actually can be 31 characters and my answer is if you have only 30 and necessarily start with a letter.
Elias, @QifaNabki the literary name is trigintuple or triacontad (30-tuple) in a 140 sized multiset, which should be (if you don't start with a space) quite sizeable. pic.twitter.com/hhWmvaZ1cE
You didn't fight with him?
The lack of rigor attributed to Luxenberg seems equally apply to his critics. A loooot of ad hoc, to the point where all his mistakes (or rather his over-reaching) are compensated by over-reaching in the opposite direction.  PS- the "7" in someone's name could be a "3" misread.
Or apply for a scholarship. One never knows.
... or an inverse Fourier transform.
Principle 11:   No public institution or agency should be created without an expiration date. pic.twitter.com/xlVD1RrYvD
How about sakhr?
"Qui veut noyer son chien l'accuse de la rage".
If wrongly accused, sue.
Scared
When a dominant, functionally monopolist technology company removes post by XYZ claiming it "removed posts by XYZ a Fascist/Conspiracy-Theorist/Misogynist", read:  It *labeled* XYZ a "Fascist/Conspiracy Theorist/Misogynist" so it could silence him/her.  #Stalinist old trick.
You can certainly sue.
But George Gilder is an idiot.
I put it in the Incerto. But I can remove if you insist.
Honk Kong: a city-state made by traders for traders.
Evolution is one (fractal) step at the time & it is not about direct descent. Same mistake as saying "everyone is my brother in the human race", rather than saying "Joe is my brother" --unstructured abstract universalim.
Still missing convexity. Psychs...
Window positioning, thick stone walls... Wonder why old Italian churches are always cool in the heat of the summer?
Yes  but markets better this way. Those who get one point in a snap will transfer to the other.
Principles of Politics under Complexity  (Thread) pic.twitter.com/VszqPkjFdQ
Congrats! Well deserved.
And also that the sound é is found in Mishmaic and Syriac, not 3arabic.
Alas, no.
Yes; It usually comes from universalism.
No. Without it you get tragedies.
1) Which part of "it's not an ethnographic distinction" you are not getting? The point is a metaphor INSPIRED by Polybius abt bottom up vs top down.  2) You are conflating Greek, Hellenistic and Byzantine.
(corrected and expanded) pic.twitter.com/nwRqyFJuwD
@yhazony
The true Anglo-Saxon tradition is being warped by the recent mutation of Northern Europe...
Also Republic... a manifesto for bureaucratistan.
Plato gave lip service to tinkering but was as top-down as can be.  Syracuse...
You've never heard of Thomas Shelling.
Politics under Complex Systems pic.twitter.com/QWRdDdCFhL
Meanwhile, I think I will settle on the 2-7-... Lebanez script for my translation.
imbecile what do you know abt my sources of income?
Citation rings.
Haya 7adis akhusharmuta
Into l z7élné killkon 7aké. Ne7na b lshmél bnsebb bala ma ta3rfo!
No
Be empirical not normative. Kif bit2ula bil-lébnéné?
The virtuous worry about their integrity, lesser humans (say, academics) about their reputation.
Ktob bi Lebanez la2anno "cognitive load" la2é2ra taba3 @lebaneselingui1
Yes, for a reason you can guess.
NS same root as... to breathe?
Marches the idea of fractality; the failure of scale-free universalism.
He is soooo good.
By Hammurabi's symmetry, people issuing false accusations should be treated as if they committed the offense themselves.   For instance, this @Xeni's accusation of "death camps" should lead to @Xeni being treated as if she advocated death camps.   Gabish?
A simple picture that explains the area ACL Anatolia-Caucasus-Levant as one single historical group, and as a separate category.  cc:@PZalloua pic.twitter.com/bwRPX9obsg
Same here...
True. Plus the idea that genetic fitness was the norm for aging pple. No longer.
Can you give us more details? Thanks.
I meant he or she.
Something that holds in 99.xxxxx% of cases can be deemed to generalize.
2- "Modernity's double punishment is to make both age prematurely and live longer".  Bed of Procustes
I block idiots.
AGING Thread.  We are the first society in which being an elder is not indicative of superior fitness.  We are also one of the very few societies in which being an elder does not bring a higher social status.
No stain on the dish
Now you ow me a transliteration in Lebnez with 3, 7 etc.
Actually the "vulgate" was not the vulgate (it was not the "spoken" language) but some purification of the administrative tongue... a katharevousa of sorts.
And soon Lebanon...
You mean probability paper on genetic? Which book?
No longer spoken in Syria. Gabish?
When Latin was dropped by the Catholic church, while other Abrahamic religions retained holy tongues, Catholicism collapsed -perhaps independently. Meanwhile, pple in fastest growing religion pray in classical Arabic a tongue <20% understand & < 4% speak.  in #FooledbyRandomness pic.twitter.com/IZXbzNVcbE
I meant came to the Levant from Arabia
You seem v. clueless. Localism is individualism with scale.
So sociology replaced Latin in the exams?
What about sociology?
Meant proper to pastoral nonagricultural communities.
No
You just discovered one thing, @saifedean: Ghee is from Arabia, a marker of Arab tribes.  Same with Kisk. Ghee is a marker of pastoralism. Rare on Med. In Leb, starts in Za7lé.
Mostly an exhibition of self respect
Maybe it's the aesthetics...
Nobody is talking about rights in the legal sense, Chiesa.
nitwit I am not talking about LEGAL right.
Imbecile, I am not discussing any legal issue.  The  Bar Exam has no IQ test?
Deluded nitwitch who is talking about law?
No, sorry. It is not a mistake.
The best thing The NewYorker did to Bannon is disinvite him. Much better than debating him as he can't lose that debate.  Information is #Antifragile. pic.twitter.com/oZK9IgV3SP
Imbecile
TheNewYorker disinviting Bannon means the following:  1- You have no right to present your own ideas lest they vary from those as presented by the media,  or  2-  You have no right to present your own ideas lest they surprise people as less dangerous than what they expected.
ANSWER: It is a marker of fattailedness.   Distributions in the Subexponential class don't have exponential moments. pic.twitter.com/9zp7h1tQQy
@CoachRippetoe would castigate you for doing 100 reps... they only train you to do 100 reps. Gabish? Where do you live?
Whats your 5 Max Rep for DL and Press?
Shoulder presses have the most aesthetically noticeable effect. But make sure you don't kick.
Les Romains on surtout parlé grec. Ce grec que Nietzsche detestait...
I wonder what @lameensouag and @davidboxenhorn think of this. Many negations turn out to be something stylistic.
#LudicFallacy
95% using intuition pic.twitter.com/oLRZ2iuQHB
The interesting part is the "ma" is hardly ever a full negation in classical Ar: "iza ma"  "lawla ma" & "in ma" is usually read as to "if", "when" or "could be".  This is part of my ongoing debate with your friend @PhDniX as it does not map to the "ma" replacing "la".
Bolton is inherently a negociator: like Trump, he barks his way into deals.
“Ma” is much weaker than “lam”, often a condition.
I am tired hearing my anti-war, anti-interventionism, libertarian-localist & liberal-but-anti-pseudoliberal friends voicing dissent at the deification of Senator McCain.  The bottom line is that 1) he is gone & 2) there is no *prominent* obsessive warmonger replacement.  Gabish?
We are starting "STEM ACADEMIC PRESS" to peer review self published book by STEM academics. First book will be mine.
Please do not include Robin Hanson in my thread. I wrote him off as ignorant of statistics.
Congratulations. You discovered something called HUMOR.  Work at it and one day you will identify rather quickly.
not quite: the more I learn the more I feel ignorant (iza ma...)
typo. x\ in R+
@davidgraeber ows me a few readers.
I am looking at data from a forthcoming paper showing distinct populations Yemen vs Levant all the way from out of Africa(chimp) Saudi Arabia has some mixture. Timing estimation to come.
She may be off on linguistics (language flow is hard to track) but she got the genetics right: from S Levant to Peninsula.
I block people either when they have an MBA from Wharton or when they have no sense of humor. Usually both.
No, just a filter.
Logic:  IF tenure causes civil servants to be subpar (from adverse selection) AND without tenure civil service becomes political patronage for the ruling party, THEN the only solution is: the MINIMUM nmbr of gov employees, reserved for tasks that can't be subcontracted.  Gabish?
It is just gauging the reaction: if the person goes first order or tries to think about the paradox...
A joke, my friend. They picked up the German "r" and "u" (umluat). And they behave so German except below Avignon...
Blocked... this allows me to clean up my feed.
The French are Germanics who speak a Germanic language using Latin words.
Once govt hires a person, it is short optionality. It is stuck with the bad person, when the good one might be able to get a job elsewhere.  It is just like adverse selection in insurance. It is a YUUUUUGE cost: We pay for it.  Govs employees shd be AS FIREABLE as other citizens.
The maximum of a function is at x=0 means it is lower elsewhere if the first derivative is 0 at the point AND the 2nd derivative is negative everywhere on the domain, which it is.  Gabish?
My solution pic.twitter.com/fqr2aZbiUp
I like integration/functions because they are the most applicable.
Saturday Bogomolny Memorial Riddle @CutTheKnotMath.  (BMR)  This one is light.  (thanks Dan Sitaru  Romanian Mathematical Magazine) pic.twitter.com/3levVBYpUI
COMMODIFICATION
I prefer Antifragile
You don’t seem to get it. It is not the same sigma algebra: cannot derive a process from its static probabilities. Read his blog/articles before making silly comparisons.
Ole you are too nice and you know they will tread over you if you stay nice.
@sothisispietro ?
Science progresses from funeral to funeral (of rentseeking academics).  Peace progresses from funeral to funeral (of warmongers).
No
Nonelephant animals
Interesting point abt “measure theory”: you need measure transformation w/invariance...
Yes, such a successful model that it spread everywhere... Wake up.
The opposite. You will see.
Harry, you want to change the feature so one does not have to re-login on every visit.
The point is that nudgeboy Thaler and other entertainers are translating something static (choice betwen 2 lotteries in state-space) into something dynamic (local policy in sequential betting).   Static properties have no meaning in the real world.
Thanks that was a typo but no effect
In contrast when you use a gamma distr (thinner tails than lognormal) one gets a power law... strange. pic.twitter.com/odHMYmwL4H
Much much much better to play with tricks rather than do more formal math...
So I did stochastic processes using numerical tricks before doing stochastic calculus.
Numerical methods (PDEs) =>Monte Carlo =>Mathematical statistics =>Mathematical entertainment ...
I did math as a hobby while trading...
Any time!
What do you mean?
Proof du jour ... (May have a mistake somewhere). pic.twitter.com/2JFrPhVWqd
Mr Baclace, why don't you lecture yourself on "reaching a bigger audience" & leave other people alone?
Or fractal with scale transformations.
Mr ArtOfTravels, I block idiots
Imbecile, it means very very rarely.
I agree: historically people conveyed information with responsibility.   Calumnies were punished in Hammurabi's code as if the person committed the action.  Put skin in the game of the purveyors of information. Anonymity has small benefits, Huuuuge distortions.
So first Nature is not social science, then this imbecile complains about sample size (it is sufficient to reject plus there are n=100 w/psych papers with identical results.) Blocked.
I agree. Low resolution vs high better metaphor.
Sorry, called you smart ass instead of imbecile.
Smart ass these were social science papers.
4) People don't realize the more severe problem is not absence of replication, rather the reduction of EFFECT for those that replicated.  If you lower effect by ½, the odds of being observed in REAL LIFE decreases nonlinearly. From 2 sigmas to 1 sigma, down by 86%.
Please explain. Thanks in advance.
Rarely.
Academics think in very low-resolution digital while humans see things in analog.
2 ½ months so far and running...
Imbecile!
Do they like books in Spanish? Other languages? Thanks
Yes much of Gigerenzer is the deBSification of psychology
3) The REPLICATION CRISIS a VINDICATION for citizens SICK & TIRED of the Harvards w/a sense of entitlement treating practitioners as immature pple lost without their "science" when it is STATISTICALLY shown Harvards are no better than Ms Bré, fortune teller. pic.twitter.com/TJAZ41AAbT
Actually lowering the p-value is more robust: it fails largely in situation where Bayesian updating fails as well.
Yes, but I will argue with you that there are a lot of situations were Bayesian methods fail as well. Under Fat Tails, for instance or whenever the law of large numbers operates slowly.
2) 2 ½ years ago I proved MATHEMATICALLY p-values need to be lowered by at least 1 order of magnitude.  Now @BrianNosek et al, 75 authors mysteriously realize that p-values need to be lowered by.... 1 order of magnitude. List includes of course a bunch of Harvards I insulted. pic.twitter.com/xK2rVp8AL6
Avangool over here
What happens to post-Monsanto shills? Predictably, they will do #shameless propaganda elsewhere.  "Glyphosate Mark" @mark_lynas seems to have reconverted to promotion of... AlQaeda, helping propagandist @Charles_Lister do #pedophrasty w/fake pictures of dead children in Syria.
I have been blocking nitpickers on "Gabish".   "Gabish" is to "Capisce" what "Gabagool" is to "Capicola", what "Brozhut" is to "Prosciuto", what "Avangool" is to [YOU FIGURE IT OUT]...  Gabish?
And I blocked him because he is annoying and engages in casuistry. I am not a utility. I can block pple.
Free speech is something unconditional BY DEFINITION, not something reserved to what your ears enjoy hearing.  Gabish?
You don't seem to get what a utility means.
Mean can a utility block you because it's a private company? Will you let ATT listen to your speech and censor it?
Time to hook up again.
Indeed it means knowing WHICH one would not replicate.
"bringing to bear theoretical frameworks to ancient texts can help elucidate the material, and scholarship on a subject benefits from such approaches". In other words the person wants to bacward propagate social science BS. Block all BS.
In NY there are too many Bulgarians... we would be sorry to lose you.
I just blocked someone who promoted BS in ancient history.
3) The Propaganda Times (formerly kn0wn as NYT) article misses that those who can't do can't do for a reason, an epistemological reason: they often know the wrong things.  So we make pple who know the wrong things teach the wrong things for the sake of "pedagogy". This is fraud.
Josephine Quinn is heavily compromized scientifically with her mixing research and "identity" politics, so I don't believe you'll get something reliable.
min katab hayda?
1) The NYT vs #SkinInTheGame.  It is very dangerous to favor those good at explaining but not understanding over people good at understanding but not explaining. pic.twitter.com/k6IIt6Btvp
Not copt... and not like today's Copts.
Nonvegetarian nongymmachines nonmillennial nonjournalists nonwhitecollarsalarymen nonactors weightlifters have wide waists.  Gabish?  #Lindy pic.twitter.com/bqvRFXYBO3
Actually most of it was done on Dec 31, 1999, about the best books of the 20th C. Things change...
This was lifted from comments I made 10 years ago about 20th C novels. Of course the real thing (Dostoyevski) will be missing...
No. You need to get the loglogplot for the tails first BEFORE fitting the body.
3) To simplify, this is the #FooledbyRandomness effect: @paulkrugman is pontificating from NOISE, not signal, and the first thing one should teach students is to learn to make a difference between noise and signal.
From work/discussion with @financequant: BTC doesn't even have a variance, steep power law. pic.twitter.com/jdofe7ERRJ
Easy to buy in Beirut. @EHSANI22
Reread: about Cathedrals and “beautiful objects”
No
No
5) What inspired the Greek/Roman metaphor is the incident when Cato expelled Greek philosophers & rhetors from Rome.  Cato was fiercely anti-BS...  (from Fooled by Randomness) pic.twitter.com/lfB2br1XgO
Plus you don't seem to get that Byzantines were ROMAN
You don't seem to get it. This designation is for classical periods,metaphorical to illustrate two polarities, not about classes of citizens with a certain passport.   Gabish?
Mr Cumming, did you try to gauge the meaning of the sentence before trying to mess with me?  Imbecile.
Rory, that imbecile @BenedictEvans seems to have had a strange obsession since I blocked him.
Not THAT theory
4) Discussion of "Roman" vs "Greek" in #Antifragile based on optionality, which is of course NOT LITERAL & unconditional but a general metaphor:  In general, Romans were conscious of 2nd order effects all across, despised theory, tawkers, & vapid philosophising. pic.twitter.com/56sO6o7Nwd
Many have the illusion that builders used Euclidean geometry. We are lucky they didn't: Euclidean geometry only entered architecture in modern times ...causing the ugly nonfractal structures we have today.  #Antifragile: how academics lie abt role of theory: they WRITE history. pic.twitter.com/ZedV2lneL8
1)PSYCHO-BS In #Antifragile: I was convinced that the theory that money does *not* bring happiness (beyond a level) was bogus in spite of the "evidence": psychologists of happiness like $$ & Lindy effect.  Turned out that research was psycho-BS, doesn't replicate  #SkinintheGame pic.twitter.com/84kvvoMrtS
Imbecile
A mathematician has to be Greek. The only pple who can afford it.
BTW, Byzantines were diehard Roman. Greek was just a language.
The real difference in politics isn't the "right" vs "left" gradation but rather "Greek" vs "Roman".   + Greek = puts theory above practice + Roman= puts practice above theory  Be Roman. Now.
Using factorials (simpler) pic.twitter.com/fj2r70bPCH
Steps on how Stirling was used for solution pic.twitter.com/adIh0e8HP3
Imbecile
Skin in the game is NOOOOOT about incentives, but survival/filtering.
In fact used Stirling via gamma functions.
OK, Saturday workout in remembrance of @CutTheKnotMath  but not sure Maestro was crazy about gamma functions.  cc: @SvetlanaBogom13 pic.twitter.com/mgZvKpHhgS
I couldn't find any Arabic with the shin. Akkadian, yes. Except for shr =>shura pic.twitter.com/FrQh80Ielz
In the absence of @CutTheKnotMath, a Saturday morning workout he would have liked (from  Dan Sitaru). pic.twitter.com/dSVv2jH6V5
Even found expression  وقد يَسَّرَهُ الله  Any possible link to Akkadian 'sr, asaru, eseru? pic.twitter.com/i22PVbIxIS
The first part,ישר might lend itself to theories (fought, dealt with, etc. maybe same root as "Yasser" as in Arafat). Seems like 2nd,  אל, is obvious.
Cycling 1x 4 days
No stain on the dish....
Squid ink pic.twitter.com/MWD0SCAJME
Stat metrics
PCAs are naive in the sense that they do not weigh features. On some central features gets much closer. Same with Georgiansz
New Title:  The Statistical Consequences of Fat Tails becomes Real-World Statistical Consequences of Fat Tails pic.twitter.com/eHe6svaha2
3akrut
Shd be "ze problem". How does it read so far?
Et l'arak?
 pic.twitter.com/Bvau71nfje
Le daf yomi a la boutargue... Au Levant, on prend sans pates (comme si c'etait du foie gras)...
Thankssssssssss!
You don't seem very intelligent. Enron's only victim were shareholders...
3) For instance Monsanto's Eric Sachs @ericsachsPhD who was behind the smear campaign against us & others (collusion with fake journo @keithkloor & Co), retired after the merger. But I will make sure he & others pay some stiff penalty at some point in the rest of their lives.
2) From what I understand about mergers, former Monsanto executives can be easily sued by Bayer for stuff they did not disclose or for past malpractice. And I am certain Bayer wasn't aware of the stuff revealed by court papers.
Stefan, can you try "Arrogant does not have a statistical/econometric meaning"?  Thanks!
It works here!
2) And Mr Datt, imbecile, please show where the notion of SITG was used in an evolutionary and epistemological sense, rather than just incentives.  Imbecile.
This is a very ignorant remark to link someone's ancestry to earliest law extant.  Hugely ignorant.  Explain where the FIRST civilization with written laws was then, perhaps in Syberia?   Answer with PRECISION.
Solution pic.twitter.com/UpJQs9Jbw1
Morning Quiz. From Dan Sitaru/Romanian Mathematical Magazine. pic.twitter.com/kSk0ceHTxr
Ana bi Amérka! Marteljéyé ya Theodosius-M7sén
2) Helenus: on the difference between engineering and reverse engineering. History is HARDER than it seems. pic.twitter.com/tmcfnwqtaz
short walking distance
Ehden?
"call me if you need anything" is how Fat Tony gets rid of people.
This is great! Thanks a million.
We don't know nothing about Fat Tails!
My friend, Maronites are staunchly Graeco-Roman.
Steroids strengthen muscles not the rest. Hence injuries...
As a matter of fact sanctions in Iran (by removing market forces) benefit the rent-seeking circles close to the regime, and hurt those they purport to save from said regime...  Something about the lack of mental clarity on the part of bureaucrats.
Nonsense. It collapsed from its own deficits.
Shft l video taba3é? A7san néktob bil ashal bil-awwal
1) He did not squat right: the behind shd fall below the knee level. 2) You only build such muscles via steroids + machines. Not Olympic WL.
PCA redone with quite diff results... the link to Saudi Arabia comes from Levantine migration.
Actually the Anatolian might be c. Bronze age.
I do both but because of endogamy, Ys are more robust to detect migrations. Plus PCAs are not very robust.  The link to Europe is 3-4-fold. Migration of Levantine into Eur (Neolithic farmers) + Steppes DNA flowing to Levant + Iranian+Anatolian (dominant in Leb/coastal Syria.)
Rip is not crazy about bench press.
100% Southern European.
Not natural. Clean-press much more natural.
And do your presses standing up! Initially, no jerking/bending the knees.
Fughedabout all these. Do presses 5x3
That you can make such a statement (if I didn't know you) would have make me question your scholarly integrity.
Now the news is that they may not have beheaded her "YET". No difference.
Then point is not his views but (as we saw with Aleppo) his integrity as a journalist.
Interesting how Saudi shills think they can make you can believe one furthers US security interests by beheading Shiite women who complain abt gov. treatment.  From experience w/Monsanto & Saudi Barbatian shills, e.g. @dietwaldclaus: it's the last resort job for the total loser. pic.twitter.com/A72dJHXefl
Lesquels a votre avis?
Genetic Literacy Project is an arm of Monsanto.
The style... pic.twitter.com/O08Fba1m8l
Please don't tag them with "small nationalism". Use "localism". It works on the left as well as the right.
No, came from Anatolia via Georgia/Northern Iran
No you don't seem up on the research. J2a is both Greek and Phoenician. Now please go read the research before further nonsense.
Most common is J2. Same as Greece.
There is no fucking middle east here. NEAR East. Gabish?
3) This plus the arrival of the "J" later in the Bronze age explains why the Levant has a mitocondrial DNA much closer to Northern Europe: Lebanon closer to France than to Cyprus. pic.twitter.com/TseQESh6v8
Can you do one where I am shouting: We know nothing about fat tails to a IYI  and the answer is "Taleb is arrogant"?
Same as pan-Arabism
Influent BS vendors lose their influence the minute they close their mouth or put their pen to rest. Just a tiny bit of silence and they are gone.
Are you very very ignorant or just faking it?
My point is to model not to make stat inference.
Imbecilic argument.
No. This is voluntary and selfish: want to avoid the usual man-club you see at risk diskushions!
No ethnicity here: Syrian students because of the war. I am not Syrian.  Gabish?
The next uncovered scam will be seed oil, particularly corn oil, which has been passing for "healthy" w/o evidence nor time tested uses, nor any direct evidence it is healthier than butter.  Instead of high carb/low carb, consider: w/ or w/o  seed oil, grains ...  cc: @Mangan150
Bullshit is always interesting at first.
Please Jaffer do not cite David Snowden as "complexity theorist". Please.  Look at @yaneerbaryam and other real scientists.
No
Eisen has been supporting Monsanto & the GMO BS. Worse: Plos-1 withdrew an Op-Ed by @thackerpd under pressure from Monsanto.
Ma baddé 7ada ya3refné bi Lébnén. B3od 3an l-sharr w hawwilo.
A7iqar of Nineveh has many Aesop's fable
Ana manné ma3zoum?
é, ma3ak fa22: La Fontaine's fable  masrou2a min l-yunéniyyé,  w min-l aramiyyé.
I mean Corneille
Yes, Racine
My lecktchur on #skininthegame: No guts no glory, no risk no victory, adapted from Racine: " A vaincre sans péril on triomphe sans gloire", itself adapted from Seneca:   Ignominiam iudicat gladiator cum inferiore componi et scit eum sine gloria uinci qui sine periculo uincitur... pic.twitter.com/tyzG8dSoc6
Deleting then!
So Golberg's was not a personal attack?
First note I have no issue with Arabs, or what you call Arabs, only with political/cultural "Arabism".  Advice: What you do is informative, but please resist jumping to conclusions about ANCIENT family trees. We are getting there with data. There is a lot of hope, but slowly
Skin in the game in Lebanese proverbs: bil 7ikam l-Lébnéniyyé:  + Ma bi7ékkak illa difrak + S2al mjarréb wla tes2al 7akim + Ghaltét l-shater 2alf ghalta (shater hown = "khabir") + Kill shi rkhis ghalé + Iza  ma kébrét ma-zéghrét (nonlinearity)
Yes, but Greeks, Indo-Iranians, Hittites, Anatolians are all J2 as well. Much more complicated.
Doesn't mean it is "Arabian". The mutation is found in Arabia, but needs broader sampling to ascertain whether it is unique to the area.
Cet imbecile n'a pas saisi que c'est moi qui a appelé Sam Harris d'imposteur.
Thanks! We don't have formal studies, but the data is accumulating. And we have a trove of Ancient genes in Leb and Syria, not processed yet!  Genes give paternity tests.
You can't be a bodyguard with an urban vegetarian waist. But waist needs to be narrower than chest!
Where? Armenia?
You came up in my lecktschur
A lot of antiwar people in DC... pic.twitter.com/uzXh7vIvUF
It’s ergodicity-seeking @ole_b_peters
One-tailed chebyshev
Marry well
@QifaNabki he is new here with his recent import "Shukran"
.1% in some cases
Had you told me you I would have driven!
Interesting. J-F3369: a lot of Saudis downstream from it, but risk it may come from oversampling. Unless there is a founder effect. Branch of M410 that seems to come from Georgia. Likely migration from Levant, w/ timing becoming clearer as we uncover more Canaanite signatures. pic.twitter.com/THgRgU5yR4
OK, amnesty.
(I don’t like to see my own books in ky library)
The discussion of what takes precedence in the presence of 2 asychronous origin is in preparation. Hint: old has precedence probabilistically.
We say mba2ba2 when bloated.
3éf khel2o is almost direct.
So long as it is not "giffler un disciple". pic.twitter.com/5XoukMaclz
Actually the prevalence of G haplogroup (same ratio as Greece) + autosomal effectively makes them v. close Greek, particularly in the North. Only small difference is endogamy for >1300 years.
Yekrob baytak
For a statistician, facts are not truth since the plural of anecdotes does not constitute data. One can only discuss an ENSEMBLE of facts (all that is available or a proper statistically significant number which includes both sides) to avoid cherry picking.  Gabish?
"Ru7 ballet l ba7r" (I am avoiding the obvious bawdry insults)
 pic.twitter.com/FjvZj0TrGZ
Further, because of instability of vowel qualities, Aram. éno was likely to be locally pronounced ané, ana, éné, etc. One shd assume at least equal  local variations as we today.
Can you post pag shots so I retweet?
Bayer: investors coming out of denial, slowly realizing that GMOs are the scam of the century. pic.twitter.com/z4eQHBGFR6
J2 fi najd bil arja7 atat min Iran.
+yé7ro2 mawték (Amioun, endearment)
In Lebanon, the "d'" become "b". 3am békol, 3am bktob. So what?
There are lot of curses of endearment in North Leb: + y2abbrak ehlak (Amioun) + yl3an/y7ro2 din rabbak (short "din rabbék") (Zgharta) cc:@Confusezeus @QifaNabki
Alas, nothing.
"1. Syriac "at this time"? More like "at the same time as + VERB" is called nitpicking.  Same with presence/absence of "d".  This is one step below bullshitting, but close.
While Monsanto can lobby in DC, bully, soft-bribe & manipulate regulators, and intimidate & smears scientists (like yours truly), Bayer as a foreign-owned corporation can't easily do so.  Bayer lost ~20% since the Monsanto trial (another 4% today). pic.twitter.com/JqLLX7L8Gg
Voila the style. pic.twitter.com/bsXMgYsrW4
If, in some wealthy communities, you run into people who look like cousins, it is more probable that they use the same plastic surgeon.
Some mathematics behind the simulation. pic.twitter.com/6CHV2V8hD5
Mathematical Finance Du Jour. Where I show how a power law mimics stochastic volatility. pic.twitter.com/h4GjdYlsHW
1) I see it in Syriac ("at this time"). All dialects in Leb seem to have it. 2) 3am is also term of endearment: ya 3ammé for "my friend" during imploration. And 3ammo often in indefinite form, or when your uncle (or an older person) addresses a nephew/younger one. cc:@QifaNabki pic.twitter.com/zDuTwoSKfN
3amm can also mean "in the process of": 3am békol, 3am béktob..."
By muting the rest of your tweets as nonsense bothers me.
Welcome back!
There is something irremediably sad at an atheist's funeral.
And no, most humans do NOT want to be liberated from monotonous tasks, except for (parts of) the weekend. Most want the soothing predictability of a schedule, even those who call themselves "adventurers".
Imam, I don't like your "brown" binary self-designation. Some Iranians have light skin, 80 million Europeans have olive skin (see Italian politicians from this morning's). Use "olive". pic.twitter.com/DWusffjm98
Pedissequamente!
The tweet says: if routine -> likely to be robotized, not that all that is robotized has to be routing. Your error is called violation of Modus ponens.: All members of the Smith family are tall not equiv to all tall people are from the Smith family.  Gabish?
The boss: Antonio. pic.twitter.com/TzSBNrRoZV
Squid Ink, finally.  California looks Mediterranean, ma non è la cosa reale. Nova York looks nonMed, but it’s just an accident of geography. pic.twitter.com/6ZV8h18Xqt
Any work you do in the comfort of a routine risks being taken over by a robot.
The answer to Maestro Bogomolny who has time to critique it in Heaven: Finally found the probabilistic interpretation: the Cantelli bound. pic.twitter.com/5iFOE4yuiO
Ole, nobody ever broke a mafia & rent-seeking clubs by being "generous and kind"! Nudgeboys Thaler & Sunstein feel entitled to manipulate citizens, increasing tail risk!  Sunstein wants to prevent citizens from knowing if food has GMOs  When you go, go for the jugular!
BTW, Ole, Nudgeboy Thaler seems to not get that both "risk aversion" and "loss aversion" are improperly framed --the latter being another static substitute for the former.
absorption -> nonergodicity, but the reverse is not true
I’m out of here. pic.twitter.com/jTGwJ95HEt
Non, la jeunesse ne “peut” plus.
You didn't get it.
The cult of the youth (by the youth) results from an elementary logical fallacy. If 90% of successful innovations come from the young, less than 1/1000 of innovations by youth work.  Statistically, youth correlates w/mediocrity, sloth, physical weakness, & lack of creativity.
And (aggressively) vegetarian.
San Francisco: tatooed millennials with the wrong type of attitude problem, overcrowding in overpriced tenements.
The point is that NOBODY ever managed to control languages. These problems are much more acute in ENglish, yet...
The probability/frequency of large items is smaller.  Conditional on having more $$, you can afford to ignore.
iza lsha3b baddo "3", 3ti! Lézém té3mol lexicon bil "3" (ma btékhod wa2t shi lal-program tatghayyér)
L7a2 l'sou2! Izal 3alam baddon ysta3mlo heik, 5alliyon! (Khalliyon!)
At the core of what pple are not getting (from @ole_b_peters expl.) is that making $110 vs losing $100 with 50% probability is not a state-space issue, but part of a sequential procedure dynamically repeated over time, with required edge (here $5) changing as one makes or loses.
I am rehashing years of mis-education by (classical) Arabic schoolteachers.
And if you understand anything about business, or if your "field" does, why aren't you in business? This is the type of elementary questions one shd ask.
This is the kind of unbearable BS. B school professors are judged by other B school professors, which is no connection to the real world. There is no control on BS like this one, survival filtering.
SEMITIC PHILOLOGY DU JOUR "mni7" in Lebanese, meaning "fine", does not seem to come from the Arabic المَنْحُ: العطاء (grant), rather from from the Aramaic "peaceful","content", Heb  מָנוֹחַ (unless I am mistaken, cc:@Jonassibony ) pic.twitter.com/cGqIxhSpAn
I address bogus "universalism" in SITG. He is even worse: anti-Localist, Arabist, helped develop "postColonial BS", identity polics, etc; yet hardly spoke Arabic. His book Orientalism is a piece of dangerous junk.
Edward Said was a fraud. Sorry.
Random!
The powerful thing about this inequality is that, for finite samples Xs= {X_1, X_2,...,X_n}, w/average m, n odd (for small samples) and Xi copies of X drawn from ANY probability distribution in R,  not even IID,  E((Xs-m)^2)>Median(Xs)^2,   even if all moments of X are infinite!
You teach errors in forecasting, via negativa. Very rare.
Works for mac?
Imbecile, they survived. Read my piece before posting BS.
Spyros, to teach statistical methods you need to be a stat practitioner, which you are. You are not teaching business, entrepreneurship, etc.
No, he stayed out of economics.
Ritholtz why don't you go do your BS on another thread and leave specialists  alone?
No, imbecile, this is sophistry. The equivalent would be cancer doctor practitioners.  Imbe ile.
Why Nudge and Behavioral Economics are PseudoScience, a summary pic.twitter.com/oMkd1IMQq4
Frey7a arabized some of them
Interesting discussion because I found the opposite... But maybe my numbers are more "normal".
Rule: if a person bulls**ts for a living, like Teppo Felin, then never discuss, just expose. If a person is real, then you debate.   Gabish?
I've make mistakes, my friend. A lot of mistakes.
If you understand how to survive, you don't need math.
Mr @teppofelin, one never debates a bulls***ter.
About 6 y ago, a B-School prof, @teppofelin, BS vendor type, couldn't get #Antifragile & was nasty about it. He was teaching "entrepreneurship" while being on a salary. Academics don't notice these things.
Zajal is a gold mine!
You are more likely to change your mind from a bad argument from someone on your initial side than a good argument from someone on the other side.
That’s before the famine, at least 15 years
Shu sar?
Diplomat Muhanna (Mhanna), you will get a free copy of "Takht Procrustes, Amsel w 7ekam", c. 2019. pic.twitter.com/gfsDzqzg8x
Show us a legit flaw. If you can. Go ahead.
Damodaran in comments made the most basic error about diversification (Law of Large Number), not even good for stat 001
For some reason B-School Profs (living on charities) think they are smarter (less "irrational") than real world risk takers when they are clueless about the math (ergodicity+fat tails).  Flaws by finance prof (@WGoetzmann) who think TBS is an "airport book" pic.twitter.com/ilxSy4GqEx
This is no different from "Africa" (meant to be South-Med) and "Asia" (West Med) being imposed on entire continents.
You are even more kluuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuueless than I thought earlier.
You seem incapable of distinguishing between dynamics and time aggregation (elementary scaling). Very ignorant.
I proved their myopic thingy is plain wrong. Plus you  seem to be mathematically illiterate.
Bingo, Michael. Plus the frequency of large expenditures is much lower.
Alla ybston wyb3don
Michael, put it in context: IF you can afford an expensive item, then a few dollars are chickensh*t relative to total.  The 2 expenses are never the same.  Never extract decisions from dynamics and context.
Our planet has many more trees than 35 years ago!  Looks like people notice deforestation, but not reforestation.  Media & UN reports by self serving bureaucrats who want to "solve" your problems.  ALWAYS get stuff by systematic analysis, NEVER piecemeal observations. pic.twitter.com/6a8uEj7iPM
BTW how you "feel" temperature depends on the 2nd order effect (convexity for small moves, concavity for large moves): a breeze for instance, "windchill factor". See Antifragile for Jensen's inequality.
Levantine is the language.
Genetically Identical.
Excellent!!!!  PS: How about the Syriac designation “Tayyun” or “Tiyyan”?  PS2: there is a paper abt to be released on Levant vs Arabia genetics that is quite surprising...
Was
Can but dislike to. Arabic is not our language.
Small stakes behavior is the *consequence* of requirements for survival, not the other way around. And they are not "small stakes" if they cumulatively and sequentially (over dynamics) bring you closer to survival.  BSVending Thaler doesn't get that risk-taking is NOT static.
It is "l" in Leb, not el
This nightmare "Chased by Monsanto" (from @black_swan_man) is over. Now time for payback. I mean find the *individuals* involved. pic.twitter.com/cAQPK3KEN0
If @soniasulaiman means is that Southern and Eastern Meds are the same ethnocultural group as North Meds, pillars of "Western" culture (that is, Med) then I agree.
Sme3tné min NY
Sweet victory....  It is particularly powerful that the legal system (torts) protects citizens, while regulators are in collusion w/industry: the EPA/FDA let Monsanto ghostwrite their rules. Regulators are bribed by industry as they get hired later as payback.  #SkinInTheGame
They didn't just lose a case. They lost another 100.  Now I will go after the shills who contacted NYU.
This just proved something quite decisive: Lameen's inability to understand his own subject.  Thanks Roger Makhlouf again! @lebaneselingui1
Hint: The way Lebanese correlates with "Arabic" at ~.7 on the PCA implies an expected upper bound of ~<50% (square) in terms of composition if one could do such an aggregation.   When school starts, some motivated student might try to replicate.
3rd error in reasoning.
Your own PCA denies what you are writing, so far. But let's wait if you complete it.  Science is hard.
Keep going, Dr "profound impact", PhD. Do you have others?  BTW Leb says "bi", not "fi", "l" not "al", rarely "7atta", "ma" was used in BBle & cd be Indo-European (see my note)...
Ghassan is surely wondering: PhD is defending an error in reasoning with a worse error in reasoning. The point is that there is evidence Latin exists, with clarity about its properties, not phantom lang.  Are there minimum analytical tests (GRE style) before that PhD?
This is sophistry: they don't have to mix equally (actually no individual is an even mix, even "roughly"), so long as they mix you cannot have a tree.  Gabish? (BTW I am enjoying this; it reminds me similar reasoning errors by economists)
...and there are an almost endless bundle of ... stuff it doesn not share with your "Arabic" stuff.
"Had Latin not been written"... but it was written. It's not a phantom language. Did you really not pick up the fallacy?
Ghassan, the problem I've had with these 2, Lameen and PhD is that they can't get basic trees right, nor can they read a PCA, not can they get dynamics (i.e. something w/time).  The point is not to convince linguists too invested in BS, but pple who are directly concerned.
And the word  الاعراب  ؟
I have 3 or 4 derivations using meta-probability (risk of the person making the bet not delivering) showing that hyperbolic is consistent w/rational choice
تقول : عَرَبٌ عارِبةٌ وعَرْباءُ : صُرَحاءُ . More confusing...
False analogy, again. Lebanese descends from Old Semitic languages, directly, & indirectly via "Arabic", etc.   Path dependence matters. The tree is BS. Total BS.
Voila: trees in genetic are done much better. You invert: Leb has 3-4 parents, etc. pic.twitter.com/zMe9kzdtrY
Strangely Arab might mean Westerner, nonPeninsular...
Trees in genetics are often in reverse (branching in). Unlike linguistics they are based on mixings.  Linguistic trees are BS. pic.twitter.com/gQSjZKKcRw
For haplogroups, there is a crisp ascendance with mutation errors <10^-10.  For autosomal, ignore trees but there is a time dimension easy to ascertain.
Better than trees for linguistics. Much better. Or, to be precise, much less stupid.  But you need to deal with the constraints of the nodes as error rates compound rapidly. So there are problems in building them.
No. BTW see thread on fake trees debunked by genetics.
You mean of the order of 10^-9? Stay out of this scientism.
That's nonsense. Total nonsense.  Physics is deterministic, with waning error terms. Translating its properties for complex systems is what I've spent my life debunking (and getting $$$ from their mistakes).  Please don't compare linguistics to physics.
La7 yrakhsu ba3dén
My disagreement is that this is the wrong representation. Very wrong representation.
The tree is not applicable in the absence of crisp genetic descendance, & cross terms.  That's not science, but bad scholarship.
Something tells me (and  it  is thrilling to see Lameen and co trying PCAs) that in the application of probability: data science & machine learning, "categories" are replaced by "distances".  (Except of course if there is no noise)
I am back in the US, this is what I have. They use the 3 (Dlou3, n2ou3) but not 7 or 2 because pple know if it is a 7 or h, or q or 2  from context.  Spelling is all over the map. pic.twitter.com/Ok5vXTY32U
The Syrian nationalist Antoun S3adé had an idea of the Levant (Greater Syria) that he kept expanding until he got Mesopotamia (+ Cyprus + S. Anatolia) in it. ISIS later had exactly the same idea: Sham+Mesopotamia (& they are the reason Lebs want out of the "Arab" thingy).
Even funnier: the new hamzé. As in Montaigne's days, when there were are as many spelling version as there were printers. pic.twitter.com/9d0ZJZBR1K
"We are confident that...will" is something to never, never use in science. I know that you don't mean it, but it says that you are using the data to tell your story, rather than the reverse.  Also, Lameen: Mehri is clearly something on its own.
5) Languages are a bottom-up thingy. Looks like the only secular party who likes to write in Arabic is the government. Everything else has mutated into "Leb" (latin characters): menus in rstrants, advertising, conversations on the web.  This pic is in a Shiite area in S. Leb. pic.twitter.com/F30rPhHpHl
4) The reason I said a language is born isn't just the dictionary. There are other things I can't discuss for now. The point is that since the Syrian war, a large segment of the population "wants out" of Arab world.  Hint: A language is born when books are translated into it.
3) Your PCA (still incomplete) shd show only one clear dimension: time. Heb & vestigial lang. (Turoyo, etc.) vs modern ones coming from mixtures.  In other words, Semitic lang. too close to separate neatly.  (PS Note that the rules of grammar & other markers aren't even included)
1) If you avoided family trees (for now), called these Semitic or Levantine family, works. Problem: the word "Arabic" is too political (related to a holy book)  2) The 4-6 rules for something ="Arabic" are circular/cherry picked, there are many others.
De rien.
What Saudi Barbaria is doing to Canada is simple signaling: to show other states what’s in store if they criticize their human rights.  The problem of course ...
So effectively, thanks to Roger Makhluf, Lebanese ceased to be a dialect on Aug 8, 2018.
Ballou3.
Yes, coming
Min? Ktob bil lebnéné ma 3am efham
We are prone to epidemics of fallacies (scientism, universalism, academism, psychosociologism, stateworshipism), but not epidemics of wisdom, as nature  filters out those with bad immune system.
Where? Worth the place ride.
The NYT needs to sell more and more subscriptions to stay in the same place. Concave growth.  (The rise in stock price was largely due to the maahket's.) Indeed, this is a dying business.  Unethical journalism doesn't pay. pic.twitter.com/n0a50DQ0LP
Real!
La photo est horrrrrrrrrrrrible.
100-200 days a year
You get blocked because n=1 is sufficient for your inability to reason.
Do you think it is ONE episode? Go insult someone else.
Marcelle, why do you reply to journos?
Aesthetics. Don't like it on a page.
"in the wind"?
Isnt vanitas vanitatum HBL HBLim?
Here it means whatever *vernacular* is written in Syriac script. If it were in Arabic, then it wd have contradicted the Van Dyke acct.
3) Almost: My ancestor (died in 1864) left a book: a bible in Ottoman Turkish.
1) Interestingly, when I visited the Balamand Seminary (Greek O) to look at stuff saved from the Syrian war and digitalized, the archivist priest was shocked to realize that most of the stuff written by us (Rum) was in Garshuni, Syriac script. Some Arabic psalters, mostly Syriac.
There is a question whether the Mansur (Ioannis Damaskenos, John of Damascus) were Arabs or Arabized their name pic.twitter.com/S6QVopeabf
No, since the other ethnicities were Syriac or Greek. And there were no physical ethnicities once one acted as Roman citizen & spoke Greek: all Meds looked the same.  Nabateans looked like Romans (Plautus). It was class (Senatorial, etc.) The Levant produced 5 Roman emperors.
Roman citizens took Roman names. All Phoenicians had Roman names for public reasons. Arabs: Some Nabateans  like Hareth became Aretas, etc. Philip the Arab (Hawran) was Marcus Julius Philippus son of Julius Marinus, etc.
There is the dhimmitude effect (Taqiyya). Even when pple have an Arabic name for the outside (Nassim), just as Jews have a Hebrew name, Greek-Orthodox have a Greek name (Nikolaos); you cannot baptize anyone without a Christian name.
History offers contradictory pieces re Arabization.  Arabs didn't initially care abt Lebanese coast. My village in North Leb had the Byzantines come battle the Maronites after the "Arab invasion", in 694. Later the area spent 200 y under Crusaders & 500 years under Ottomans.
The point as presented 20 year ago in Fooled by Randomness. pic.twitter.com/kEupc0Emn0
This is the offending statement. It is not whether the number is true or false, it is that the REASONING is false. pic.twitter.com/AXRb2kA9pg
You do machine learning, and don't know that "expectancy" = "average"?????????
The correct (evolutionary) way to see what happens is:  +Life expectancy while reaching full (socially accepted) reproductive age, i.e. ~15-25. Which will be much higher: In the previous example it would be 67. So childhood mortality removed 27 years of "average" life exp!
Simply, if 40% died in childbirth (or very young, which is about historical number), 50% died at 60, and 10% died at 92, the "average" life expectation would be ~40.  Childhood mortalily  hugely skews the average.
Different Douma
If Itureans have no Peninsular DNA, helps strengthen the idea that Arabic is a South Levantine thing.  Anyway will give you Frei7a's placenames (out of print) when we meet.
Tourism is OK, roadside commerce destroyed other villages.
Also remember the bulk of the writing in Leb coast was in Greek (when pple spoke Aramean) so these exceptions are salient.
1) Other than Nabatiyyé, in S. Leb there are v.  few villages w/non-Phoenician-Aramaic sounding names...But accent in the area covered is v.,v. different from Mount Leb. 2) I can look in genetic database but Peninsular genes are v. low in Area. Unless Idumeans is diff. DNA
3500 years of Phoenician wine pic.twitter.com/U2ZMQY3wsm
I don’t respect Thaler
You debate pple you respect, those who understand your insults.
Now a disclaimer: one greatgrandmother and one great great grandmother are from Douma. (Douma is Greek Orthodox/Melkite)
26-30 mais venteux
The surrounding gorges. Douma’s advantage is that it is out of the way and on the local top of a mountain; no ski no nonsense. pic.twitter.com/2937ddCftZ
Tomb ~ 600 (priest of the goddess of health) pic.twitter.com/GKFFVviKHA
Douma, most beautiful village both architecturally and scenically. Former Byzantine health spot.  Church built in 1610. pic.twitter.com/DvMve2Gj7v
There is no “descendant”: All these languages seem to be mixing of ancient + modern: all will show relation to heb as proxy.
I thought you got that I don't believe these are "dialects of" something Arabists call Arabic  --what @Safaitic seems to see more clearly.  Also bet you will see on the Swadesh PCA equiv of ⅓  correlation to Hebrew or another dead language even w/o grammar.  Gabish (Qabish)?
Turned out the main beneficiaries of fossil fuel were the trees: people used to log for cooking/heating. At least until now.
Even without causality, things do not land randomly into one's possession. It needs to be treated dynamically as path dependence, something too technical for BS vending Thaler.
Even if one accepts risk aversion, it doesn't work the way nudgeboy @R_Thaler thinks it does. pic.twitter.com/Swdu4yUnV9
I never go on TV in Lebanon. I do not talk to journos.
I was still under Arabists propaganda.
The vicious thing in @josephinequinn's Vox article is that she doesn't flatly deny that Phoenicians existed; she just packages her anachronistic argument (absence of passport & flag-style national "identity") to make you believe that they never existed.  Shoddy.
The soil. Since Neolithic. Settlement since before their Bronze age  3400 BC
You are totalllllllly clueless about Rome. It is basically a Mediterranean-Caucasus culture: Greece/Anatolia/Caucasus/Levant, nothing to do with Egypt/Babylon.  You shd stop tweeting about Romans.
You don't turn red in the sun
Most certainly but I am not olive skinned.
Fucking idiot
Too easy. Come on.
How did it go so far?
Authentic since these imbeciles apologized. pic.twitter.com/HXlExOVmmc
You seem to assume that pple switched from Semitic dialect  to Ar. as if they were speaking Serbo-Croatian  1) People were not nec. speaking Aramaic, but local variation 2) s/sh might be local PRE-Arabic 2) Explain why then they didn't embrace the ذ ث and retained the Aramaic.
Not you. The other guy.
Not that it matters to the argument, but where do you think Safaitic comes from?
Many Aramaic words have broken plurals here. We discussed broken plural frequencies (low compared to dual/singl) Maybe it came from the Levant...
Yes broken plurals entered Lebanon. So what?
Another way to see it: z has to be real so z=1
Why did the Crisis happen? This is from my testimony, what Obama's bureaucrats did not want to report. (Also I withdrew the paper from a journal owing to stupid comments by referee, republished elsewhere) pic.twitter.com/kB6gWX7De5
No, Lameen seems to be using a lot of abitrary *rules* to determine if some shift causes an Arabic origin rather than a local adaptation.
Corrected, thanks! pic.twitter.com/MgaY6t9unV
Remember they wrote in Greek after 3rd C and before that they lost a war. Tons of philosophers (earlier Thales, Zeno, etc.) A lot of architects were Phoenicians, a lot of technology, no writing *survives*. They lost wars and weren't dominant to keep their language as ling frca
No. Do you want to be blocked?
So maybe Lameen's separations s vs sh, g vs j are not convincing as real markers of languages. All js in placenames were made "g" without additional transformation. Jounié was Gounié, Jzzin was Gazzin, Bijjé was Baggé.
The "p"->"b" may have something to do with Eastern vs Western Armenian.
Dunno? via Syriac? You are right: more ancient than it seems. But Aflaton? Faylasouf? Did they come after Boulos?  --- Anyway looking at place names almost all Syriac/Phoenician. Rosh or Rish become "Ras" w/o rest into Arabic. Rosh Beirot =>Ras Bayrut not "Ras l Bi2r assaghir"
Indeed. But not stable for timing. Paul => Boulos but Opium =>Afioun which came later.
I meant can a Syriac speaker emulate an Arabic "s" to communicate, just as a French person uses the Germanic "r" without changing language? Yesu3 is good example of taking "s" in an existing pronounciation (3isa in Arabic). This is central.
depends. Question:Klt? Answer: Akalt.
A lot of docs written in Phoenician were lost, but a lot of Phoenicians wrote in lingua franca later (Greek) as was the norm in Levant after 3nd Century BC, same as Indians writing in English now.  Does it make Josephus count as non Jewish?
Siqano<=> shoqano? More general, this s vs sh shift as a marker of language transmission ignores aerial influence: could say that the Ashkenazi souding Hebrew spoken by a class-consious Yemeni comes via Yiddish, no?  We say Yésu3 for Yeshu3 but it doesn't come from Arabic, no?
Can't boycott them all.
Yes add vowel quality weirdness: in Beirut (there are long and short a) but in North short is a, long is o. Tolib (for Taleb) vs Akalt for Akalt
É si2ono jo min l'Aromé. pic.twitter.com/hs0uhQ1rpv
Sounds Syriac to me. pic.twitter.com/mxycI4s2Hx
Lebanese (like Syriac) has 5 vowels, Arabic has 3. I bet something similar for Safaitic.
She is playing into the "Arabists" thinking it is "robust".
The bulk of literary expression is in foreign languages.  Journos, religious pple, & schoolteachers speak MSA. Few of the rest.   Not me.  Uncle, grandfather and greatgrandfather were members of parliament, but had some Maronite schoolteacher come write their speech into MSA.
BS vending @josephinequinn is spreading theory that "Phoenicians didn't exist"(loved by Arabists) on anachronistic acct of absence of national identity/self-designator (No Ph. integrated centralized rule).  The Neanderthals never existed by same analysis. Same for Elephants...
To see the "spoken language", see these pics 1) Ad in Muslim Area in S. Lebanon, 2) Menu in Christian E. Beirut pic.twitter.com/3q2nJeTOfN
Three grades: MSA for goverment and TV, a “Beiruti “ semi formal, and dialects. But nobody knows MSA as subject studies are in French, English, Armenian, (even Greek prewar) and Arabic is studied like a dead lang. Evidence: sold 4% of my books in Leb in Arabic, rest Engl, Fr.
So what do you call "Lebanese"? The high language or the rural one?
Same with colors. In Beiruti pple say "mswadd" for "darkening" (from Aswad).  Here we say "msha7war" (from sh7war). But when one speaks in public, the Beiruti Arabization is automatic.
Another word: leg and foot = si2ono (si2ano further south) here. In Beirut educated pple imitate the Arabic "rjl" with "Ijr". There is a stigma against speaking like me in public, so pple Arabize to sound sophisticated.
"o" is not an article. Sorry for the confusion. Kirsho for "his kirsh" Most of the use of "robb" (we use the Syriac "o", my name is pronounced Tolib) is associated with quality more often than size: "huwwé robb'l njroro" ="He is a great carpenter".  But also size.
In my village (where I am now) "kirsho" means belly. "Kirsh l wajéha" means getting fat from wealth/prominence.
I mentioned ancient DNA. Ancient DNA from remains + modern populations.
Looked at Lameen's details in sprdsheet. Clearly the Swadesh compiler doesn't know Lebanese Line 4 In Leb, Belly is Krsh Line 5 In Leb (informal), big is also "rabba" (for great) Line 6 In Leb bird is also 3sfr  Solution: go by word & binarize. That way you also count double uses
2) The classification "Afro-Asiatic" is misleading: Maghrebis are South-Meds part of Western Eurasia & the "Asia" maps to East W Eurasia...  3) 3 possible routes for Semitic lang: Zagros (with J1), Ethiopia (from back migration), or Natufians (from Eurasian steppes). @PZalloua
1) The logic is as follows. If Spain & Peru both speak Spanish, and the gene flow (for ancient & modern populations) is Spain->Peru >> Peru->Spain, you can rule out that Spanish comes originally from Peru.  We are sequencing more & more ancient Levantine genes.
This is the upper portion of the Qadisha (pronounced here "2odisha") valley today. You can see the rising tree-line from reforestation. pic.twitter.com/s8I0ch94R4
The mountain had been terraced to farm staples (mostly wheat) & trees were of no use (except for fruit bearing ones).  Unseen positive side effect of Ottoman Christian Millets inheritance laws.
You just committed a fallacy of showing sensational stuff: I visited beaches last few days and disn’t see that stuff. The Med is polluted; needs cleanup. But stick to metrics not sensationalism.
Young Cedars
This forest in Northern Lebanon (7adat) is owed to the fact that it was agrigultural land & the owners died w/the Titanic. Nobody could get the right papers to farm. pic.twitter.com/TPHvfzcKwB
Planting boom here in the north happened in past 15 years.  Thanks!
Jeff Bezos solved the problem by moving into robotized distribution.
That's exactly what we are writing in the prec ppl @yaneerbaryam @normonics @PrecPrinciple @RupertRead, even more in 2nd version
2) Natufians are present in rulers in A Egypt & still v. significant in S. Levant (~50%, yuuge).  3) DNA in N. Levant mostly Anatolian, came in Bronze age, "Phoenician" subclades close to Agean Greeks. So maybe can eliminate Semitic lang. coming w/these flows.  Detective story!
Set aside conclusions for PCAs for now. Most significant info is that Semitic languages are v. close.  1) I will explain later how languages *can* correlate with DNA: asymmetry. Absence of genes w/language different from presence of *some* genes in one place not the other.
Is "AfroAsiatic" a Greenberg or Greenberg derived thing?
As Karl Popper would have said, I’ve blocked pple dor vastly more intelligent remarks.
This is too Solomonic to not be in the oral cursus!
It’s not like when the NYT condoned/caused the Iraq invasion out of ignorance / arrogance. This is a blatant violation of fundamental ethics.
Never compromise on fundamental ethics.  Never.  Be honorable and never read anything in the @nytimes
Identity
With left to right @PZalloua, Hareth (Aretas) Boustany, & Hiram Corm (son of Charles Corm) at the Charles Corm foundation. pic.twitter.com/UXd9FGIdtP
At this point one needs to start from scratch, ignore the Greenberg classification, and build as we are getting more DNA & other data.  There is too much noise to make it "science", so everything is conjectures/leads.
Lameen, not quite. PC2 is <.1 of the signal (for now) and the only one that separates.  The only intelligent thing one can say is that Semitic languages are too similar for fancy analyses.
Too disgusted to talk to the @nytimes pic.twitter.com/MtwmRr2Yaz
Stability is owed to the following: Christians believe Lebanon is the first stop in the West (Europa was Phoenician); Sunnis believe Lebanon is the last stop in the East; Shiites (now) believe Lebanon is just Lebanon.
Somewhat. But less than Sardinians/coastal Spaniards in South.
Correlates here means "noisy relationship with time", which is weak. Also ignore ordinal ranking: modern clusters on top, older ones at bottom.  This is a basis to see what happens when you add new languages.
Do you want to be blocked? I saif REforestation is taking place.
4) New data for gene flow from the chimp to Ancient populations. Looks like 1)  Levant and Arabia have separate populations, 2) No gene flow from Arabia to Levant, only reverse, so the stories are backward.  Much more on that later. Did Natufians invent Semitic lang.?
3) This is unweighted. Once you introduce weights for words, immediately effective "n" decreases and you need more data and more "dialects".  You can sort of "smell" flows on PCA if well done.  As far as Safaitic, consider the theory that Semitic lang went Levant->Arabia.
2) This is a great way to organize data. But notice the complication.  PC1: Leb is between Hebrew & Syriac PC2: Correlates w/time dimension: young separated from old PC3: Leb =Pal. Aramaic, straddled betw Syriac and Quranic  There is noise in this. One can add grammar (tricks)
1) Ahmad, the interesting thing is that statistically, if there is no pattern to the omission, then things wash out.  If they don't then we can correct with some common sense/tricks (my specialty is diff absence of evidence/evidence of absence).
Neutral territory: something Rum
Look at the 2 threads. Highest is in the North.
These diplomatic overtures are continuing
The Shouf mountains this morning: much greener than in 1900. pic.twitter.com/VRMfD6HrnK
Ha! On PC3 Meccan & Levantine straddle Syriac!
Not fake but that’s what I have trying to say all along —immediate from MP. But the overall error on PC1+PC2 is ~.2 and variance ~.55 net info=.35 too low. My point is Lameen needs PC3 and higher and larger n which he is working on.
In villages we say hal-la2ni or hal-la2niyyé closer to 2an than wa2t.
Sundays
Organ foods... vastly more natural.
Statistics is not being fooled by randomness, not reading coffee cups and neo-astrology. If you don't get it, then you get blocked.
No, no, no. In my parts it's charlatanism to "squeeze" data to tell a story. And "throwing hands in the air" is vastly more honest than producing BS.
I won’t say what it is; the mother of all paleo food in an Armenian-Aleppo rstrnt in Central Phoenicia. pic.twitter.com/g24zupcrbJ
I don’t disagree in general. My problem is that you have little data, hence yuuuuge risk of overfitting.
We all agree that pcas aren’t ideal. They are unique: But you can overfit in-sample will all manner of nonlinear stuff.  With low n.
No
You cannot create significance without additional data. Gabish?
No
Not my point. My point is that n is too small and is causing noise in matrix (we need more words). (Binarizing only fixes relative distances away from unnecessary tails ). See the tutorial for the effect of n, as the "rank" of the matrix has nothing to do w/significance
There is a fix, and I will give you the trick to include weights (so higher freq counts as more equations). The problem is that I write my own equations and don't know if packages can handle the weights.
This is a short tutorial on how increase in n (here words) lowers noise. pic.twitter.com/V5v5gVVWCB
Take the simplest example, d=2 , only 2 variables, length n. The PCA maps to simple correlation. And correlation gets more stable as n increases.
No, Hythem. Of course n matters hugely. You are conflating dimensionality (fixed at 10) and number of observations (words). Significance grows at ~sqrt(n) [see Marchenko-Pastur]. But adding dimensions worsens in the absence of more words.
? Someone using my picture ... Shoddy, @Twitter
For instance, for financial data, if you have a holiday in Japan, you don't throw away information for the other 30 markets. You fill in with a "synthetic" using the EM algorithm/Gibbs. It doesn't carry information & doesn't distort the rest. Useful for image reconstruction.
Don't worry. There are ways to deal with missing data while retaining existing info, so you don't throw away stuff.
Forget distance. Take a word, "x". 1 if in language, 0 if not (or, better, -1).  You will have a lot more lines, don't worry about idles ones.
Lameen, you absolutely need more stuff (Swadesh is too small). The first 2 PCAs represent 55% of the total variance when binarized, meaning 2 dimensions not sufficient info.
Menu written in Lebanez pic.twitter.com/fDaN0bhrje
With the archeologist and Phoenicologist Hareth (Aretas) Boustany, who turned out to be the father of twitter friend ⁦@BoustanyMazen⁩ (and son of mega-erudite Fouad Ephrem) pic.twitter.com/DHylfAOmwx
Is the total variance of the 2 PCs only .6? It means it is 50% random error (since .3 from random in my Monte Carlo simulation--analytically can try Marchenko-Pastur).
Scaling is neutral, but relative weighting is not. In other words, by binarizing you remove arbitrary relative variance. You also move from n=100 ->300-400
1) Just saw what Lameen did, smth I didn't realize. Needs to have {0,1} as {1,2,...5} do not indicate distance (5 is not 5 x 1). So you need take every word, put 1 if it is in the language, 0 else. Indicator function. For genes (diploid) they use 0,1,2 only (2 if in both parents)
This is my "Placebo" for n=100, see the technique. pic.twitter.com/HERB27HvUI
I cursorily looked at the data & n is smaller (too many rows with same 1 don't count), hence I will provide with error rate on the next plane ride (I need to derive it). Note your real n ~50-80 when genetics uses 62000.  It is critical for time dim to include Geez, Maghreb, etc.
This is a very very good start.  North-South you see the time dimension (~.7 correl). Mehri is indeed an outlier, but not without a reason. How much is the variance for the first 2 factors? If less than .9, try PC3 and >
Result is OK. Spent a year playing with Markov chains w @CutTheKnotMath
3) We know that osteocalcin restores muscle endurance. Muscles strength are less investigated.  Again fughedabout mechanisms, take phenomenology: @CoachRippetoe reports that only heavy weight bearing exercises you do standing up count. pic.twitter.com/KPJCxDm8xU
2) The bone also regulates memory and mental functions via osteocalcin (Karsenty).   SPECULATION: can healthier bones for overweight pple explain the all-cause-mortality effect?  POLICY: just follow the phenomenology that healthy pplw have healthy bones and ignore mechanisms?
1) Antifragile on health of bones: bones are part of the endocrine system, not some engineering structure.  You don't improve your bone with exercise machine.  @Mangan150 attributes the fertility crisis to correlative (Om 6), not causative (osteopenia)  #Complexity #ICCS2018 pic.twitter.com/rPWu2JLqg6
OK! Baddé 3azimé w wasel 3a za7lé. Ana bu Jamhuriyyét Amioun halla2.
Bouz2et Sélém bil-Koura atyob!
It’s our grandfather who planted these trees in Kfar7ozir
And avoid the fossil fuel propaganda: the greening does not come from CO2 but rather from irrigation... correlates to GDP.
You aren't getting it. Clusters are only clusters *with respect to* orthogonal factors. It is not just PC/Factor analysis but all of statistical representations/mapping.
Swimming distance
Again, ya Lameen, your "categories" cannot be categories if they aren't orthogonal; it is a necessary condition for mapping. Practically all of genetics works under orthogonality.
So another BEFORE-AFTER, Deir l 2amar 1900-2018 pic.twitter.com/xmsrFETVjx
Took this picture yesterday in Kfar7azir coming from the Med. The hill was completely barren during my childhood.   And this is a picture of Deir el 2amar in ~1900 pic.twitter.com/DhZuZjoxmw
Squid ink pic.twitter.com/ysV1mk5Mmp
I still need to visit your digs!
Mosul pple are Anatolians (NW Iraq). Iraq is a poor construction. Assyria in the North Babylonia in the South
Where it becomes circular is what you call your "broad sense" (you need to show such construction is unique among all possible ones). And the other point is what "rules" are used for similarity. I keep discovering new "rules" not used for the similarity.  Any texts on that?
A person has a mother + a father. That's about as clear as it can get.
4) In other words, we have to live with the fact that some languages may not have hierarchical family trees.
3) Even Greenberg's broader classification of branches is, scientifically speaking, grossly pulled out of a hat.   (We are seeing some laterality uncovered by @Safaitic, which means ignore "dialects" as "branches" for now and focus on something structural).
2) @iosif_lazaridis mentioned how older, "just so" taxonomies turned out to not map to the trees made *on the fly* before phylogenetics (sequncng)  My bone is tagging Levantine as *branch of*Arabic as proposed by @PhDniX and @lameensouag rather than, the reverse or *laterality* pic.twitter.com/n5N21QE6n3
Not real: this is dyed pasta.
Current Lebanon has been mysteriously internally stable (now for three decades) partly because every single ethnoreligious group is now a minority (Christians, Shiites, Sunnis, etc.)  There is neither minority nor majority rule (Tocqueville's dream).  @PZalloua
And wine comes from yenu! (Oinos, uinum)
Wén?
A chance to block some responders.
For nitpickers what I call Northern Phoenicia is North of Byblos.  Gabish? pic.twitter.com/391SUDxJQz
Franck, you shd be the first to know that Levantines never experience Schaddenfreude!
Our RWRI idea with @financequant was to deliver a practitioner-to-student education. Hope it generalizes to other areas.
On my way to Northern Phoenicia. This is the first plane trip in years without the company of math quizzes by Maestro @CutTheKnotMath  Alexander Bogomolny left us three weeks ago.
It doesn't come from fossil fuels, but irrigation/GDP growth.
It was great meeting in person.
No, the risk is actually lowered. Can explain.
Doesn't work the same with Paretan tails.
Or in NuYowk/NuJoizey after the vacations.
Not kicked out, walked out in overt disgust.
Constrained vs unconstrained past. pic.twitter.com/5qZkKLhz7r
Harry, we didn't drink: I had to have a "tawk" with Gad and came back too tired. Next time we'll plan it better.
The idea is that, thanks to Brownian Bridge methods, we can make some relatively confident claims about genetics and linguistics given two periods (say Bronze age and modern times)  My write-up pic.twitter.com/Dzlby0BQMk
2) @SimonDeDeo I looked at the problem in Antifragile, see references to Beajouan.  He blames Euclidian geometry, which was not used by the guilds before.
Maximal dimensionality: Gaudi's buildings Minimal dimensionality: Coop City in the Bronx  Even low income housing in Ancient Rome (Ostia) had yuuuge dimensionality, with moldings and no smooth external walls, no angular corners. BTW copied from 6 story buildings of Carthage.
I casually looked at dimensionality of facades across time. Big drop after 1945. A worldwide phenomenon. Take a walk in downtown NY.
Cedar trees may have a problem, but in an ecology some species will always be maladapted in a changing environment and others will thrive.
Please explain what you mean by "dictionary for journalists".
Please do.
G., I rapidly blocked this imbecile.
A point that this ignorant Matti Ilmanen @milmanen didn’t get.
@Safaitic came up.
The only effective apology is the one you voice before you say or do something.
Lasted 6 m
This said, I also insisted on the role of priors in (some) medical decisions to manage false positives/negatives.
1470 Pleasant Valley RD, Manchester, CT
Found a Tesla supercharger on Boston-NY near artisanal burger rstrnt  (keto-friendly) that serves espresso. Nice break for twitter fights with Bayesianistas. pic.twitter.com/kUqkvGbJWA
It was the driver. You’re welcome.
Phoenician, you mean
His gadness ⁦@GadSaad⁩ in the workshop. pic.twitter.com/mcZZxiXcvX
With @GadSaad @MichaelSagnerMD @normonics @HarryDCrane #ICCS2018 pic.twitter.com/4fzFByyz7U
First world war!
Respect for the firefighters and  #PrayForGreece
Friends, for the paperback edition, we are looking for comments on Skin in the Game from people with Skin in the Game (not reviewers), that is actually users. If you have a comment, please give us your first name and city of residence. Thanks! pic.twitter.com/6vj1mbNNJT
They didn't have good olive oil at the conference.
Wax. Is it a problem>
With @GadSaad and @PZalloua  at #ICCS2018 pic.twitter.com/iP7KtiXzGm
Belarus is Western Russian...same pattern.
Actually not so thin.
I got new PCAs with a larger sample. Maybe Cyprus closer to the Middle East, Leb closer to Greece.
Indeed. I am stopping the mixed grip as I am rebuilding after a few injuries.
Hal-waqt not hal-2an?
Strangely the sanscrit root शर्करा • (śárkarā)  gave the Persian شکر  (sugar).
2) (Ppple involved: @MarcosCarreira @gcfr20 @mikeandallie @octonion @SvetlanaBogom13 )  My feeling is: we do not need to complete many tutorial appendices since these are standard: pple find them on the web just as they did to solve pblms.  (for instance I don't use one for mine)
Never call it "Middle East", Levant is better descr
Only 4% Rhomioi left in Leb (like me)
This is called Pedophrasty. Blocked.
Are you trying to be blocked?
This seems to be BS; can explain.
So Shukralla is Σαχαρηλος !!!  This Safaitic business is very intriguing.
Did you read the tweet before responding? I am comparing TWO politicians. Read, then think BEFORE posting.  (This is why I block people because they confuse others in the thread)
Please explain.
Thanks! So كثر الله خيرك is Efkharisto ! Unless we can find "Khair" in Arabic.  BTW any idea about the earliest use of the name Shikralla?
Never ever criticize anyone (say a politician) for doing something that you would be silent about if someone else did it.  You would be insulting your audience, insulting truth, insulting the medium you are using, insulting ethics.
No, idiot, my statement is about conflating aesthetic tastes and kultchural preservation.
Shameful
Replacement!
I am allergic to flip flops.
My point is: That highly unrigorous science journalist @RichardDawkins can say "Listen I would like to preserve my culture" without insulting other people's aesthetics.
Note that Grazia (from "Ave Maria, Gratia plena") is χάρη in Greek, (->خير ?), but ~Tayyb in Syriac/Aramaic (Taibutho).  @PhDniX @QifaNabki @Safaitic
Yes! It was in Graeber's debt; but I also saw it elsewhere. Will keep looking, the first time I saw it was asymmetric: one person made the expression "at your mercy" type. Maltese/Italian use same word for thank you and grace (Ave Maria bil grazia mimliya), not the French.
Very likely! More likely than root mn7
Note: This is not for my benefit but a public service warning --since I will never set foot there. (Nor was I financially hurt since I was the guest at a business dinner.)
Yes. You have a problem with that?
Is it against NYC law to refuse to serve tap water? (Some pple have a rule to never drink nonlocal water)
Nongabish
Nusr-Et in NY. Never ever again. They don’t even serve local tap water. Overrrrrrrrrrpriced. pic.twitter.com/oBCmFEiQbV
Can't find where I've read it, but there is 1) "merci" as act of submission (not quite the same as Grazie/a), 2) some observation that it is Westerners who thank... in Arabic.
 pic.twitter.com/B3ez4N8JZB
BTW which is why post-collonialists are annoying, the Turks have been saying "Chok Merci" from the Lingua Franca/Provencal during Ottoman times without being colonized by the French.
Thanks Ahmad! I had in mind your Damascus non-tanween in Greek transcription.
BTW I block everyone on the thread who generalizes into 1) Class warfare, 2) colonialism & other pseudotheory.
We can debate the point after we are done with the precedence of "Merci" over "Shukran". I wasn't sure the timing of "merci" because was is used in:  +Sabir (which proliferated in the 16th C after échelles du Levant) +Provencal +Armenian +Turkish  +the Crusader's lang.
Remember that circular classifications are not classifications. Debunking circularity is my middle name. Gabish? (For a linguistic thing, the "G" in Gabish is close to your "q")
Elias, Classical Arabic came to Lebanon AFTER Turkish.
We belong to a different generation. In my village & Beirut I never heard "shukran" before  the invasion of Modern Literary Arabic There is a collection of words from Sabir: marci, balkon, coiffeur, etc. that people assume came w/French but was part of the East Med lingua franca
It is Levantine, better not call it Levantine "Arabic". Unless you change the definition of Arabic.
Are you playing games or trying to collaborate (even if you disagree)?   If the latter, I will try to find a Sabir lexicon. If the former, then you should go post clips to your followers.
Exactly, you need to control for that.
Doubtful. V02max is largely genetic.   cc:@GuruAnaerobic
And the gist of the thread that you (very shoddily) represented with a snapshot (not a link) is that the Lebs said "merci" before "shukran".
Did the derivation inside the integral trick here. A version of the trick after Eq 11 pic.twitter.com/OtCQRVPsjg
You got the lesson of disagreeing mush bil d2ahr. Your option.  My feeling (can be wrong): Merci is early (see Grazie in Maltese) from Provencal and the verb bitshakkar is most likely from Turkish adaptation. Shukran is recent introduction from Arabists attempts of uniformization
Lesson: if you post a clip from me (pic) without engaging me, it is downright ethical to me and you will not be treated as a scholar. Your choice.
Muhanna, one piece of advice: if you don't want to be "dragged", 1) don't f**ck with others behind their back, 2) don't try to play games above your scientific league.
They are... working. And #Lindy means statistical significance >>> theories.
And prosperity is best achieved by preventing bureaucrats from interfering with things they will never understand.
A reminder that the job of the government is to deliver Peace and Prosperity.
I agree with you; but consider the definition and aim of an aphorism.  Gabish?
No
Based on the reactions, the definition of a “dictator with divergent values” is someone who does not buy weapons from U.S. based arms manufacturers.
Do you read English? Email me.
It took 5 volumes to get the main point:  "The main thread is that while there is inordinate uncertainty about what is going on, there is great certainty about what one should do about it." pic.twitter.com/XodgKD7QrV
One is allowed to reveal the low IQ of these pseudo-experts s.a. @RichardHaass, @tomfriedman or @FareedZakaria is because, while clueless abt complex interactions & basic properties, they feel empowered to lecture others on what to do.  They shd driving Ubers not more.
Actually excellent partying as preliminary preparation to the theorezing. pic.twitter.com/mdR0oQNFPC
I have never so far called an idiot an idiot without a reason. He didn't get it.
Because f***ing idiot, GMOs obey special mathematics that allow easy combinatorics?
Ya ignorant 7mar Merci in the dialect since the 17th C., before your idiotic "shukran".
Clean/Press
Promoting the ideas of Jane Jacobs (and her books) on organic urbanism —with Minister @HardeepSPuri in charge of building tens of millions of homes in the next 5 years. pic.twitter.com/gV6YwcvhHs
To have a real “deep state” you need the intelligence of a Professor Moriarty or the craftiness of a Colbert. Not a collection of hand-to-mouth bureaucrats.  Gabish?
Friends; now the question is whether to use Roman or "Arabic" (Indian) numerals. pic.twitter.com/ncLcWlJYWi
It has to do with scaling of the commons.
 pic.twitter.com/TOy2cwthmc
No need. You can write it as an n degree polynomial: k1 x+ k2 x^2+k3 x^3+....O[x^n] where k_i are constants. The sum is convergent.
depends how you write it. Both numerator and denom go to 0.
In the past, the weapons industry would have right wing warmongers shill for them & perpetuate states of bellicosity.  They got smarter.  They now enlist shills who managed to label themselves on the "left".
Must be a mistake because it is not a proper limit, but a value fox x=0 of a continuous function. Is it lim x->1?
Why don’t the 2 of you watch the game and continue in Boston?
My question is not there. It is: Where was the uproar when Obama was president?
Jaffer, I agree 100% with you. But there are ~500 Fortune 500 CEOs in EXACTLY the same agency problem.
3) And no, @elonmusk/@Tesla are not fully antifragile: they depends on shareholders, which is the reason smear campaigns are active. They are directed at the shareholders.  But they can show evidence of smear campaign (there is) using my Tesla/NonTesla test.
2) The principle in Fooled by Randomness is that we react to 1st order; we are manipulated into seeing events separated from statistical context.  For instance: my discipline every time I hear Trump did smthing cruel (e.g. children) to check if NonTrump did same. (Obama did).
For example سئمت تكاليف الحياة ومن يعش ثمانين حولا لا ابا لك يسأم
14 problems coming from the misunderstanding of fat tails by professional statisticians/quants/economists etc. pic.twitter.com/rIFZf89r9i
One of the last pictures of Maestro, birdwatching (courtesy: his niece). pic.twitter.com/3ym2Jm3QlH
Incidentally my grandfather was classmate of Enver Hoja at Montpelier  and was his only contact in the free world, so when he was minister of Foreign Affairs of Leb he did work for him transmitting messages.
Today was the first saturday in years without a Maestro Bogomolny @CutTheKnotMath  math riddle.  He left us a week ago.
Just make the effort to read the thread and Chapter 2
SUMMARY OF THE BOOK  A statistician: Of course we understand fat tails. The author: No you don't. pic.twitter.com/YqbSvulpfd
Athens, Madrid, Naples, but not for business Geneva for business/work
I was 39 when I wrote this. Imbecile.
Tornado are more like homogeneous Poisson, memoryless, rather than Lindy.
Not true. Not true. The probability of >75 was probably not very different (about half).
INTERGENERATIONAL TRANSMISSION OF INTERDICTS A passage in The Black Swan about how grandmother elephants have authority... A senator is literally an aged person... pic.twitter.com/B7nnQDzK0M
I get the same graphically pic.twitter.com/VCeQ8RsBca
Why not just take the distribution of percentages, lognormal or powerlaw?
On the 3rd day, you walk up stairs thinking you are flying.
Fasting in nature correlates with generalized scarcity.
I used to fast 1x week and Hoover the rest of the week. Makes it hard to resist eating everything in sight.
OK, no interview.
Yesterday fasted 48 hours and trained. But the problem is that fasting makes you hoover food in an abundant environment.
I know from the slurs.
Why did you forget the "Greek"?
In the Med, there is historically no emphasis on homosexual (men), but for "active" vs "passive".
Ryan, just block that idiot.
In percentage?
Imbecile.
Something these crypto-Jihadis/low IQ-think tank propagandists are not getting is that the difference between being FIRST and LAST in the Math Olympiad is that between getting perfect & near perfect Quant GRE scores.  That is, vastly outside their league.  Gabish?
What identity activists & the Stalinist pol police are doing to us is making us see someone as "person from race/gender/orientation (X,Y,Z)" instead of just seeing "Joe", "Wang"or "Cunégonde".  Nothing short of alienation. #AbstractUniversalism is the arch-enemy of humanism.
Watch out: Qara may mean "Northern" in Turkic (Kara deniz).   (South is Red, West is White, North is Black)... Even Arabs used same.
Question: Is there a reason I did not lose followers? Is the process still going?
For Christmas, a formal edition of the INCERTO (gold leaf etc.). Now 5 volumes.  Now working on the (so far) 2 volumes of the TECHNICAL INCERTO. pic.twitter.com/KFUzHPl0Qa
Ignore I blocked the troll. Nothing is additive beyond local deviations. Nothing.
No. Food costs are 10-20% the rest is distribution. Max GMO reduction less than 2%
Accounting or computer science. Finance is BS
The neighbors heard me again.
Shi fi 7erfé:  translator/engineer/statistician/mathematician/plumber/farmer/computer scientist/ pastry chef/car mechanic/couturier/painter/spanish grammar specialist/dancer/singer/guitar repairperson/parachute designer/shoemaker/...
La2 la2 la2! haydé manna 3lum! haydé ta22 7anak.
Bi shu? Aya méddé?
The entire neighborhood heard my shouts!   Mediterranean genes, Slavic language, latin religion.
A  bit better now!
Claire, I can provide a one sentence review:   By the "curse of dimensionality", there is no way we can go beyond monogenic effects in making inferences, unless the authors know something about mathematics we don't know about.
Law of large numbers
Talking about spending it, squid ink is due.
It takes five years to learn how to make money; and twenty-five to learn how to not lose it.
Dubins and Savage: How to Gamble if you Must.
So long as you say something bad about Monsanto or Saudi Barbaria.
Something abt Maestro Bogomolny's @CutTheKnotMath mathematical purity I can now reveal.  He had a hearing pblm (0% in ear, ~ in oth.) not remediable using aids. He left academia as he couldn't communicate.  He did math for math, not as a career.  He wanted his site to make no $.
That's Vol 2.
LIMIT DISTRIBUTIONS, a Tutorial  (Chapter in the Technical INCERTO) pic.twitter.com/gyJAQ1g6un
Jaffer, you are dealing with an entire auto industry financed by taxpayers. Can't single him out.
False, see Ostrom's argument (not mine). Mine is distributed decision-making units tend to allow for evolution without monoculture.
"Troll" is often a word used by unskilled BS vendors (e.g. @Frances_Coppola ) for pple who despise BS vendors.
In Russian, competitor is конкурент (as in French "concurrent", Italian "concorrente" cc: @mathieuhelie ), a co-runner.   There is no implication of antagonism. You need a "concurrent" because you do not engage in a  race against yourself.
Dunbar shmumbar. The explanations are much more complex in a exchange w/multiple interactions.
I wish I got communism. I got dispossession!
The idea is to finish it without adding much.
Please do not retweet above (book) so we stay less exposed. cc:@SamuelGWalters
Where do you live? We need someone to keep the site going.
People didn't know he has a hearing problem, which made him recluse.
cc:@amit pic.twitter.com/f3Q2ZACDcH
Noooooo
Who are you trying to fool? Snowden, just go away.
Lindy. So yes.
The Snowden who generalized from a parody review of my book? Intellectually very dishonorable. A very dishonorable man. Please do not count me member of that sh*t club.
They usually provide.
If someone wants a ride w/me, pls mention. I am leaving from Westchester.
From the family:  All meet at Floral Park Cemetery at 10:00 a.m. tomorrow 7/9/2018, 104 Deans Rhode Hall Road, Monmouth Junction, NJ 08852. Tel  732-297-2336.  Then " everyone is welcome in our house afterwards [...], East Brunswick, NJ"
Dear all, Alex’s funeral is taking place tomorrow in Monmouth Junction, N.J. at 10: am  Exact address to follow  Please reply to thread if you can come say a final thank you, for the count.
Ignore joe she is clueless.
BS!
Ces amphores sont d'origine phénicienne.
Alla yer7ama.
Mike, you, @gcfr20 and @MarcosCarreira we need to talk about his legacy and how to keep the project alive. We had a secret project that I have to make public now.  I had a DM from his son using his account saying it was pneumonia. When I saw him 10 days ago he was in great shape.
Rest in Peace, Alexander Bogomolny @CutTheKnotMath  Devastating news.  He was of the few saints you meet in life: He gave more, much more than he took.
Россия!!!
The truth is the truth and one's duty is to shout it, even if you are conflicted and uncomfortable with it. Now, YOU pathologized the messenger.  And there is no accusation that "everyone else is a fraud": only frauds are frauds.
The Tutorial on the GENERALIZED CENTRAL LIMIT  is done. pic.twitter.com/a1YgX7SWxQ
Россия!!!
Friends, in today's Russia vs Croatia, who are the Serbs rooting for ? (Sorry, watching for the first time). #Orthodox
It is an interesting filter for ignorant pple, those to block, as @MDiPaolaMD indicated. A class of people who don't realize they don't know philology.
Half (actually 3/4) Greek, half Phoenician (actually 1/4). Poifect!
Gabish is old Sicilian preserved here in NY-NJ:  Gabish: capisce; Gabagool: capicola.  Gabish?
Marion you are doing what CHARLATANS do. You disagree with the message so you play 1960s psychoanalysis.  As Popper discovered, "you disagree with them, they find some problem with your relationship with your mother." Standard charlatanism.
Claire, you can't possibly learn abt ancient heroes (who were RISK TAKERS) from BS-prone, rent-seeking, low-IQ, library rats, in self-evaluating "peer" rings, who make their living from charities (or, worse, government salary).  Read the original texts.  Gabish?  #SkinintheGame
How much shd I?
Because of the rain 1) Did a simple tutorial on the convergence to the Gaussian, a topic @mikeandallie seems to appreciate, 2) did a 1 RP max push press, 3) Took care of an academic bigoteer-fraudster in the "humanities". pic.twitter.com/Zo9zvEmes3
This is a generalized disease. People in "research" know more and more theories and fewer and fewer facts, except in France where professors are tested for knowledge.  You can meet someone who can give you a "critical/gender theory" of French lit without being fluent in French!
Fame doesn't make you rich.
Very very very anti inflammation, if causes of inflammation are dietary.
Progress is almost never linear. Ups and downs and bursts.  Gabish?
Mr Tamez, a fraud is a fraud.  Gabish?
Those rent-seeking academics committing anachronistic fallacy don't seem to realize that, like science and everything else, moral values experience PROGRESS.   By definition the past will be less developed than the present. This, everyone outside of "classics" shmepartments knows
I keep saying: you want an independent scholar, observe Tom Holland. Compare to these rent seekers.
ANACHRONISTIC BIGOTEERING  You cannot flow today’s rules of morality backward in time & judge people THEN based on rules developed later.  Morality <=customs (mores)  No law should be RETROACTIVE, something these idiots don’t get  @mattewasears shd be working for local McDonalds pic.twitter.com/fjuebVnZSV
The main problem with the fallacy of anachronism: if you keep flowing retrospectively today's morals you will never stop.
Ignore this @bouche_bee, he seems ignorant of probability. That's our carpenter fallacy.
Luckily, @primalpoly is a thoughtful scholar whose point was not about GMOs per se, and is not defending them. I will more academics were like him.
Your argument perpetuates IGNORANCE about risk.
Gene Stanley not coming?
He meant "sprint".
It falls off of antifragility as a necessary mechanism.
DISCUSSION  Aerobic fitness is short-lived & calibrates to the average of the distribution.  Weightlifting strength lasts much longer, calibrates to the extrema.  (Backing out the statistical properties of our ancestral environments.) cc:@GuruAnaerobic
No, real earthquake.
No
Done
For a "scientist" you don't seem to f**ing know what science means. Are you trying to play psychology and pathologize 1960s style? Stick to science. And go learn some statistics.
Both!
R1b in the North, rarer in Agean.
The irony of history is that Western textbooks treat the Greek-Persian wars as "us" vs "them" when odds are that Greeks looked like today's Meds and Persians looked a bit more like Northern Europeans/Steppe ppl.
Indeed, but doesn't show much in the genetics.
BTW "Europe" is not a distinct population zone. Western Eurasia more so (includes the Caucasus, Anatolia, Med plus what is commonly known as Europe).
Read the paper
Ancient Greeks come from Anatolia!
Article by @codykommers (while laudatory) completely misses my bone with Pinker:   One cannot make a claims s.a. "drop in violence" if the drop is not STATISTICALLY SIGNIFICANT. A trend needs to be statistically significant to be a trend.  Science 101  #FooledbyRandomness pic.twitter.com/oUAS8T0mRq
Happy birthday America the land of the free, the self-standing!  Friends, remember that:  Unless you build a habit of making money on your own, standalone, you will find yourself, at some point, depending on the whims of someone else who will run your life. When it's too late.
Ahlan!
Exactly, you get .49 extra in the maxima from the rounding.
Try again with something else.
Nobody looked at the distribution of the Max and by how much it is expected to deviate from the mean? We need one piece of info: the variance and n per hospital, can do the work.
Books make little money. Help!
It is not from me.
Please ask him for me.
There are always differences between a "higher" and a "lower" language, but they tend to be small. The "higher" is usually a generation or two behind the "lower".
Will they help me become non poor? I want to become non-poor, exit poverty and buy a small island. Will it allow be to do so?
Before I block you, name a single major piece of literature written in a then dead language.
I lost my shirt. I am poor, very very poor. Can someone give advice on what to do?
He should write it in Lebanese if he wants people to read it.  Or don't call it literature but "propaganda".
I mean you cannot call "literature" something that is not written in a real, organic, living language. Something like what pple call "Arabic" is not a language for literature. It is good for ideology not literature.  When was any real literature written in a then-dead language?
That's not a living language, something real people use to communicate. It's what people call a dead language that was NEVER spoken in LEbanon.  Gabish?
An f*** you attitude.
In what language is it written?
Who dat? I can give you a list of people to pick from.
When people worry about Lebanon, they worry about politics, fiscal problems, the rise of Phoenicianism & de-Arabization (promoted by pple like me), overbuilding, overeating, bad literature, corruption, epidemics of facial surgery. No:  Worry about earthquakes. Now.
Fallacy of anachronism.
 pic.twitter.com/3kfdyZHCev
Goats eat the roots.
It is not just the goat.  A lot of logging took place under the Mamluks, Ottomans... Wood was accepted as tax payment by the Ottomans. pic.twitter.com/4La3IV8nNr
I was looking at the early 1900s. Irrigation started in the 1940s...
I mean we can't get quantitative info about the past.
Problem is the past, not the present.
I attribute it to irrigation/control of the goats.
BEIRUT, BAADBA (then) vs today... Deforestation clearly intensified by the goat/overgrazing.   In #Antifragile: Romans killed lions => goats ruled  Environmentally the place may be a mess (coastal area ar. cities), w/ overbuilding, but one cannot deny that it is much greener. pic.twitter.com/37aLdLe5ac
EHDEN, in the North: same valley 1836 and my picture 2016. Granted prints might be ignoring greenery. pic.twitter.com/vARILvYwrf
The French stayed 20 years between the wars & the port had been very active since the 1500s.  Deforestation dates from ancient times.
Another striking picture: Amioun 1899 vs 2018. Don't have exactly the same angle but it is the same village (in 2nd picture, to the left).   Note that the church with the dome was destroyed in an earthquake in 1918; rebuilt in a different shape. pic.twitter.com/eDkAbwpJ61
Hello I just sent a DM. looking forward.
You read my books and claim that I am generalizing from one picture? And correcting my philology?
I am a statistician so don't play games with me. Beirut is not Lebanon. I am not saying there is no pollution, etc. Only that there are MORE trees.  I am v. quick at blocking people with defects of reasoning.  Gabish?
I have pretty much every area. More houses, many more trees. To come.
and be a bit wider (deadlifting)
Now we can use the Bogomolny lower bound on the variance as a function of median.
The thing is that you have no constraint on the distribution.
The probabilistic equivalent is the Cramer-Rao lower bound for nonparametric statistics (variance bound). Very nonstandard, looking through papers. Otherwise you just did a probabilistic bound.
Sorry. We can generalize by having S_1,m,S_2 where S_1 and S_2 are sums and m is the median. pic.twitter.com/oqLt28YdxG
voila, to start pic.twitter.com/vbkMKj5Mcg
Here it is OK but in the one where A is the mean, you have m-1 summands for m variables.
Since the mean is given shdn't the sum be 2n ?
Attention: Lebanese: Lebanon is much greener today than it was earlier.  I looked at pictures of 1900 vs 2018. This is the Casino in 1961 vs 2018.  More house, more complaints, more trees. pic.twitter.com/nwAcld2eEP
Didn't prevent them from inviting him.
So, Alan Dershowitz defends murderers & pedophiles, then gets invited to dinner by the bien pensant society.  He defends Trump & suffers the Ostrakon.  h/t @WSurely
The idea of #SkininTheGame: watch what people do not what they (or their staffers) say.  Ron Paul opposed every war. Unlike these virtue signaling frauds who caused wars.
bigoteering: coined by @tferriss  I coined pedophrasty, etc.
Principle of Charity.
I block people who play that shoddy game, @antsankov
So in your problem, all observations at either minimum or maximum.
Actually, Maximal variance for semi-concave (bell shape) is uniform as limiting one. In general maximal variance is bernouilli with 2 states far apart.
You can solve it via Cramer-Rao, or reprove it even here.
Of all distributions, the maximal variance is that of a uniform. Will help with problem you just posted.
And the Median pic.twitter.com/ax1EegF7qR
The PDF for the variance is long, but here is its own variance. pic.twitter.com/pkxeiTWiWT
You don't know what you are talking about. Ma3lula is Greek-Orthodox and ½ the population is Syriac speaking Sunnis.
Maybe sample "size k", then the variance bound would be a function of the mean or median. Let me write it.
I get different results when one picks without replacement, or with e.g. (5,11,11,...)
6) The Anachronistic Fallacy, 2  You cannot flow today’s rules of morality backward in time & judge people THEN based on rules developed later.  Morality comes from customs (mores).  No law should be retroactive, something the bigoteers don’t get.
There was no such migration, only theology
Not profitable
Actually found out on twitter but it was French. Good point.
BS
Yes, but act NOW.
5) THE ANACHRONISTIC FALLACY  Injustice was done in the past with invasions, etc. But justice cannot operate without STATUTES of LIMITATIONS: we can't invoke the Pilgrims, w/o going back to Bronze Age migrations.  Arguments abt who did what >100 y ago are necessarily invalid.
4) Immigration requires sacrifice and skin in the game. pic.twitter.com/djbetZXJBP
BS, not in genetics
Imbecile, reread and think before misrepresenting an idea.
3) As a Christian Lebanese, saw the nightmare of uncontrolled immigration of Palestinians which caused the the civil war. & as a part-time resident of N. Lebanon, I am seeing the effect of Syrian migration on the place.  So I despise these virtue-signaling open-borders imbeciles.
Andrew, Leibnitz was a legal philosopher, historian, theologian, engineer, etc.
Marco, this is the anachronistic fallacy.
The discussion is not about the invention of calculus, but about Leibnitz, the last of the real polymaths (although he didn't lift weights), and how mathematics is something that one can pick-up later in life.  Gabish?
You are missing a looooooot, Marco. Why don't you use arguments from when the Steppe Yamnana came to Europe during the Bronze age?
2) OK, OK, my Indian friends. Rediscovered calculus.  Works now?
Imbecile.
2) Controlled immigration is based on the symmetry that someone brings in at least as much as he/she gets out. And the ethics of the immigrant is to defend the system as payback, not mess it up.  Uncontrolled immigration has all the attributes of invasions.
Alabama pays Federal taxes to the rest of the unit. Get off the web and think a little before tweeting.
Can't iterate on real x but... tempted to integrate. Just kidding. No, recursion helped get the function; the rest was confirmation.
What intellectuals don't get about MIGRATION is the ethical notion of SYMMETRY:  OPEN BORDERS work if and only if the number of pple who want to go from EU/US to Africa/LatinAmer equals Africans/Latin Amer who want to move to EU/US  Silver Rule in #SkinInTheGame  Gabish?
For real people, if something works in theory, but not in practice, it doesn't work.  For academics, if something works in practice, but not in theory, it doesn't exist.
 pic.twitter.com/CRzMB7IZg7
You good. Very good.
Imbecile.
I can't suffer fools. Any problem with that?
2) This illusion that one can work with abstract ideas WITHOUT embedding them is the reason "intellectuals" don't get skin in the game.  (thread w @ClaireBerlinski )
She is not getting it. It is about EXECUTION as democracy doesn't scale. She is absolutely not getting it.
Strange, majnoun means the same thing as meshugan and seems coming from janné (l majnoun huwwé bil janné).
Meshuganan? Majnoun? same root?
Nick Cohen, to the rest of your life you will be tagged as a liar and a fraud.   Gabish?
The other counterintuitive aspect is that EVEN if Country X won EVERY past game, injecting a tiny bit of randomness into the system can make its probability of winning drop below, say, 10%. A tiny bit of randomness percolates quickly across the branches of the tree.
You are not getting it. Only 1 team wins. Think again.
There is a set of probabilities that can give Germany 25% of winning without 100% probability of being in the semi-finals: that CONDITIONAL on making the semi-finals probability increases.  However, the opposite holds: the higher up, the MORE 1/n.   Gabish?
The past.
Giving Germany a 25% chance of winning is a very arrogant statement, it is equivalent to giving Germany ~100% chance of making it to the semi-final.   Don't listen to bank research pple with no #SkinintheGame who talk about probability.
Discovered something: negative kurtosis and negative kappa. Some distributions are thinner-tailed than the Gaussian (needs to be bimodal) pic.twitter.com/JW0q7oFBok
Cliff, for Germany to have 25% chance of winning it NEEDS to have 100% chance of making it to the semi-finals. Unless I am miscalculating.
Merci!!!
That was from last week.
The paper remarks
Any connection to قيروان ?
No ignorant "educated" people, just really intelligent people and weighlifting friends.
Friends, thanks to the crowd-corrections @spyrosmakrid gave me a stay of execution. I got an extension.
en progreso!
Les françaises et français commencent a aimer mon livre "Jouer sa peau". Ils en ont marre de leur fonctionnaires. pic.twitter.com/wgZoj0bCJG
There were very few "readers" who read loudly to others... a practice that continued until 100 y ago (l 2aré in Lebanese).
Thanks... I misread Luxenburg [corrected].
2) Naturally it debunks some of the "nudgers" s.a. @r_thaler showing they don't understand fat tails & probability. pic.twitter.com/FKZJiIgnef
There was no QR2 in Arabic before the Quran; the word is Syriac.
Very honorable expression of gratitude. I paid your meals and expenses.
Fughottohattipyou.
I cross the Atlantic/Med one a month. I vouch for the hormetic effect of a red eye, followed by recovery (lonnnnnnnng sleep). It's the recovery that is key.
wéy? Aya mat3am?
A Palestinian in NY once told me "marté rawwa7et" (meaning my wife left to go home). In Lebanese "rawwa7ét" means "she had a miscarriage"
In Lebanese, "ra7" is to go. Waynak rayé7? "where are you going".  Rou7 nték = allez vous faire foutre, etc. Poem in zajal: ru7é w ru7ak ya ru7é rawhén bru7 law ra7ét ruhé 3an ru7ak ru7é la tru7...
You mean aramaic ח
Russia
Why hormetic effect in one and not another? Also jet lag is mostly for international/cross ocean. A very low ratio.
In Leb dérj (long é) means "a la mode"or fashionable. Accent on first long vowel. Maghrebis tend to have the emphasis on end.
Thanks! cc:@yaneerbaryam
@Mangan150 Do you have links relevant to the problems with Tofu? Thanks
Semites from Levant were genetically The same as Greeks.
BS
Doesn't seem to exist in Arabic: you get yelled at in school. "Arada" is the Arabic. In Levantine, short for b'wéddé "in my wish" maybe wdd same root as in "David".
Are people now using "kh" for the guttural 7?
Paul, please be nice.
Congrats. Welcome to adulthood.
I am almost done. Redoing all calculations to verify.
Between .35 and 1.5 % of total stock. One order of magnitude lower than annualized volatility.
The heuristic is, simply, production of a commodity / volatility, signal/noise and you can see how much additional discovery/supply matters.
I can understand that @JustinWolfers is just another academic living on charity; but surprised to discover that @neelkashkari is head of a Fed and doesn’t realize that existing gold stock is monstrous in relation to production.  Who put him there?
Quant Finance researchers meet Medicine Quants today: pic.twitter.com/4P99A33mVR
These idiots have never traded gold and seen forward contracts sold by producers.
In fact unlike with money supply, gold miners are distributed and in competition.
You are supposed to translate into English-English: "Nassim sends his best regards and thanks you for the Black Swan discussion; nevertheless there are some points he would love to discuss further".  Gabish?
Not quite
Tell fucking Geoff he mischaracterized my Black Swan idea.
Background and solution pic.twitter.com/kEkc0xx98H
No
Thanks!
You define me as "scholar and statistician". I am principally a trader. Gabish?
Mini-Lecture (5 min) today at BBQ (Bloomberg Quant Seminar) in Honor of Rabbi "Tony" Glickman, 1950-2018.  "Life is Long Gamma" @DaliaGlickman pic.twitter.com/QKyjXvGnVJ
BTW it's great to learn one Semitic root a day, sort of like a daf yomi.
Syriac, both with the t2 and t (t2 as in t2aleb is the "basta aleph" added to a consonant makes a heavier sound). Could explain @amasad's Q. pic.twitter.com/Jg3iiWVmzX
I am finishing a paper under a deadline by @spyrosmakrid who said I might get beheaded if it is not finished by Tuesday.
Dear Guiloa, How do you pronounce "capicoli"?
Prove that limit Gamma[n,n]/Gamma[n]=½ as n->infinity pic.twitter.com/LL5XJpn9P6
I solved it... I was working with summations and found this.
Accidentally stumbling on a helpful identity on a Sunday morning... pic.twitter.com/7hrrm634r5
So Byblos = Gebala means state and not mountain as we have been told?
You can get one of my sets of Decline and Fall of the R E as gift.
Selected... mbéya3a
Sorry I am old sgool.
It actually happened to me. I was furious, and still angry.
All East Med citizens are nervously waiting for the selection of the new Byzantine Emperor.
Let me dispell some mistakes. Do not conflate farniente with laziness. In the Med, idleness is never a virtue unless the person gets rich or does great things while exercizing it. That's the difference with other cultures both further North and further South.  Gabish?
@Jonassibony is the pro I am just an amateur. Let's ask him.
Start with Leb!
Recreating your triangles pic.twitter.com/17Artt9lo6
Visually. We can also count the triangles pic.twitter.com/4AIJncTcRo
Is this the right question? Answer = ½ pic.twitter.com/zr9zJQCVEv
So long as you take me out of that dark web thingy...
Easier/Better to do Integration. Working on this... pic.twitter.com/Mv4JhIWRwL
Define successful.
Hebrew has of course the shabat
Thanks!!! Now I feel better.  Mystery solved. pic.twitter.com/RUvdNNFpeB
You men OR not and, no?
Indeed a strange situation. I get 5/8 or ½ pending on route. pic.twitter.com/mQemz1Z7KU
I get almost exactly .625 (+- 10^-5) from Monte Carlo
You can easily tell a Northener: he/she feels guilty doing nothing. Even doing nothing for them is programmed, labeled, and has to be learned using some Yoga instructor.
Laura, but Naples for me is not monuments for tourists, but 1) narrow streets with laudry hanging from the window, 2) a f*** you attitude that permeates the place, 3) A (tiny) remaining Greek-Orthodox minority... pic.twitter.com/yRV259U1up
Imbecile, read up on Extreme Value Theory before talking stats.
Fughedaboud nature. You need people.
I don't get Q4=.5 but 5/8. Let me clarify. We are picking randomly one from each of x, y, z cut into 2 parts. pic.twitter.com/VCLUAZdUea
Sorry, fughotaboud Genova, better choice than Venice. You need to find a place WITHOUT Goethe-inspired visiting Northerners who don't know what sitting at a terrace doing absolutely nothing means. These include de-Mediterranized Northern Italians.
I know it is controversial, but doesn't 3arab mean "occidental" in Arabic, meaning "Westerner" or Syrian?
None
Yes. My family’s.
Remember that just as surgeons don't look like surgeons strong men don't look like athletes in ancient Greek  sculptures. pic.twitter.com/VJSlKH3ZXx
3indé l these taba3o lal doctorat ma3 Peter Brown 3an bléd l Shém l Byzantiyyé ba3d l Fat7... Bas ma ba3réf kanna hon amma bi-Jamhuriyyét Amioun.
#FF @CutTheKnotMath (Maestro Alex. Bogomolny) w/ whom just spent 3 h talking about Russian & NonRussian probability. pic.twitter.com/3E29W3pr5u
Never speak ill of the dead.  But one can stay silent about him if he CAUSED deaths. If he advocated the Iraq War/WMD nonsense, then without REPENTANCE, another regime change/war, one must stay silent.  For extreme cases: damnatio memoriae  יִמַּח שְׁמוֹ וְזִכְרוֹ
Before SITG.
2) People here aren't getting the aberration:  +Book written in US; author in US; publisher in US; readers (of US edition) in US. +Printed in China <=> Chinese censorship. +Publishers & Authors find this NORMAL.  This is one side of Globalism Globalists need to explain.  Gabish?
If BS Vendor Pinker's @sapinker's book was a scientific paper, it would have been retracted. Pinker has not answered question w/@DrCirillo : Why is he making Richardson say something OPPOSITE to what he said? All his "evidence" reposes on that. pic.twitter.com/75WpSF8Hi0
Not saying that. Saying 1) There is NO statistical evidence it HAS declined (with stat significance).  2) Pinker is a BS vendor, as evidenced by using as backup a random blogger & ignoring scientific papers. 3) Pinker misinterprets his own data and has not answered yet.
PUZZLE: Jordanians are very very very distinct from Bedouins. pic.twitter.com/5yN6K83Spq
1) There are zillions of "atheistic" pieces, but no movement. 2) Don't tell people patronizingly "please read" particularly when you are showing ignorance.  Gabish?
One puzzle: Current Jordanian population (using pple who self-identify as having a Palestinian origin) seem to have a large chunk of Peninsular migrations. J1e is highest concentration is Yemen.  We are getting from Ancient DNA some idea of Nabateans, closer to E. Mediterraneans pic.twitter.com/YGwBSIZbqc
To summarize thread above, rationality is not about "beliefs" but actions, #SkinInTheGame. It is not scientific to evaluate raw "beliefs".  Gabish? pic.twitter.com/KhOyJPJYkm
Not quite... In Syria, maybe, but mostly Greek. The New Testament is in Greek, yet written almost at the border Syria-Anatolia. Christian Aramaic texts came later.  Christianity is NOT a Jewish heresy. It is a Greek mutation.
You don't seem to know a lot of Byzantine history.
Imbecile, this is not MY definition of rationality but the one that is consistent with the logical foundations / neoclassical decision theory, and used in the field.
Give me some UAE handles and I will make some noise
Cher ami, you fuhgot the obvious: Engl. alcohol!
I "believe" in Santa Claus but do not act on it. #Skininthegame = revelation of preferences through actions
We use ke7lé in Lebanese for dark blue. The verb yka77él means to put makeup on.
No machines! Never!
Paul, please delete the tweet. Nobody will remember anything.
Paul leave him alone please. He is my friend.
I don’t get offended...
I get offended when people call me "humble".
Cologne
1) It seems to me that if one subscribes to the @Safaitic's theory that "Arabic" went from Southern Levant=>Peninsula that the troups/elites that went to the Maghreb could have spoken closer to Levantine form Only evidence is if distance Lebanese-Maghrebi<Maghrebi-"Classical" Ar.
What are the exact length conditions required to form a triangle, with x1>x2>x3 ?
Family name is Nabbout (Navot). Taleb was first name of ancestor. And TLB is ugaritic.
Ask for a scholarship.
Nothing. cc:@trishankkarthik @normonics @financequant
A false accusation of rape has the side effect of inducing skepticism, causing genuine accusations to be taken less seriously. You are also harming the true victims.
Could be, but still. She is harming OTHER women with genuine cases who may be taken with skepticism.
#SkinintheGame
Research by salaried laborers is becoming a rent-seeking citation ring consisting of large scale imitative rituals, with a decreasing number of results, an increasing cluelessness of participants, and a multiplication of useless rules.
Andrew Gelman discussing the replication crisis:  "There are 1 million scientific publications per year. Do we have one million scientific discoveries per year?"
Michael, @PZalloua is coming to #ICCS2018
The problem is the treadmill stuff. How about walking up 100 flights of stairs with 50lbs?
You are now tempting me!
With the statistical vigilante, the great Andrew Gelman and Joshua Miller @jben0 pic.twitter.com/iIqZZzcIJb
When some Harvard idiot mocks you, what the f*** do you do? Call a committee? Cry? Seek therapy?
She did nothing wrong. It’s those who spreat that sh*t.
Asdé mish hal marra rjé3t 3a NY.
Interesting: looks like in Ar it *may* come from githm. Any such Hebrew root? pic.twitter.com/IQCZJeVQDC
Inté bi Bayrut? Lézém nishrab kés sawa shi yom. Ana bijé kill shahr la "long weekend".
All I can say is that you are an imbecile. Sorry.
Your response is lacking in coherence.
2) There is this myth of "long run" data is thin tailed because of aggregation and "Central Limit". A lot of BS.  Just like "democracy", "populism", "racism","enlightenment", the term "Central Limit" is uttered by parrots clueless of what they are talking about. pic.twitter.com/ZkDr8kuyHs
1) There are tests to see how Central Limit works: Summing data (say weekly returns) should produce thinner tails. Not the case. pic.twitter.com/nFLqRpOet0
That fraud didn’t show the whole paragraph. I had her on silent. Now blocked.
Latex for previous thingy?
Much easier explanation: nothing is flat, by the very definition of a mountain.
Didn't recognize myself with that mask!
Thanks Shant. I am tired of people who come to my twitter account, dedicated to BS busting, expecting to hear some feel-good motivational sh*t.
Pas necessairement les croises. Il faut aller dans le Caucase pour voir.
Pas de brassage. C ‘est un mythe
Not to actual gamblers.
2) The Markov chain: the expectation is 4 periods for one, 6 for the other. It is ONLY counterintuitive then you are trained/selected to think in Static terms. pic.twitter.com/ObaRcQKqRJ
There are 2 types of pple: Those who think in STATICS, those who think in DYNAMICS.  Problem w/"intellectuals" & other idiots like @R_Thaler and @CassSunstein who become policymakers is that they can't think in 2nd steps.  Schools mismeasure intelligence w/low dimensional tests. pic.twitter.com/0Pl8LckQWJ
Et Salibi est un vendeur de bullshit
Pas vrai, les Levantins viennent du Caucase et de l Anatolie mais bien avant, comme les Grecs (le meme ancetre), plus les Natoufiens (une communauté locale)
On a plane to NY hope to meet any time this week.
Voila! pic.twitter.com/1i4ySQYBTJ
Miyyé bilmiyyé ba3d ma tefrot ls3udiyyé
I can get you the Markov chain in Latex if needed
Your response "better decided thus, rather than by you" is that of an idiot. Or someone who has difficulties functioning in the real world.
There are 150K-200K car fires per annum. You take one event & an emotional statement of an actress & turn it into a statement about the safety of @Tesla. And this is 2018.   I am blocking any commentator who doesn't get it. In this and other similar situations. Finito.
You seem short IQ. It's about @Tesla: would the news spread so fast if it was a Ford?
So you are deriving safety per mile for @Tesla by counting the risk for the pedestrians hit? or the death of the OTHER motorist?
Very good. But not sure about 9y.
2-a) Every time I return from the W. Med it hits me there is *something* intense & sophisticated that's different in the E. Med (i.e.,+Armenia/Georgia), reported since Byzantium.  Turned out: The SILK ROAD & that Persian thingy  Convinced @PZalloua to read @peterfrankopan's book.
There is thig guy, Algazel, a Medieval Persian, who spoke about the pin factory.
1) One only criterion for (material) success: not having a schedule.
The point, Barbara, it that it was not. It was EXACTLY as he preached.
7 is fine, just don't use a hammer when doing brain surgery.
This is called using statistics in an unrigorous way to market flu shots. One more of that crap as intellectual argument and I block you.   Gabish?
A reminder that any argument (such as the one now used for illegal immigration) that is supported by pictures/narratives of children is called PEDOPHRASTY. Actually, use of children should weaken an argument. pic.twitter.com/qZ7Qn5pHN2
Try this tutorial pic.twitter.com/yeeGwSFKYl
Under a concave-convex transformation with a limit, the distribution will be thin-tailed.
Corrected mistakes pic.twitter.com/u4QKlVPV2I
Suburbs of Amioun.
2) The carpenter fallacy: do you hire a carpenter to understand the odds of a sequence at the roulette table? Or a probabilist?  Moral: the more advanced a nondeterministic science the more it becomes the domain of the applied probabilist.  Genetics is a probabilty problem.
1) The geneticist Pierre Zalloua visiting me in Northern Phoenicia, with Mount Lebanon in the background.   THREAD: on the carpenter fallacy in genetics to follow. pic.twitter.com/EVVw9sUHvw
I meant higher NNT, lower cure rate.
That idiot (whom I blocked) doesn't get that one can tactfully report a typo without a statement degrading one's message.
I make mistakes. Get lost.
Convexity in Medicine: How Pharma cheats with the "evidence" (aside from P-hacking) cc:@MichaelSagnerMD pic.twitter.com/ONl8EUkx7t
The best surprise: a brand new gym in a converted mansion that belonged to a cousin of mine... pic.twitter.com/rLeJtOX9wi
Actually, I am wrong. The cubit is from elbow to tip of fingers...
See earlier pict in my tweet : “coudée”
You are adding 0s to make up the difference between n and k.
Other reviewers accepted. But I am taking the standpoint of someone weak facing a single such reviewer.
No submission is anonymous if the authors presented at conferences to get improvements before submission.
Imbecile, it was not part of the submission requirements. Imbecile.
We should de-anonymizing the "peer-review" process: referees can be harmfully stupid or vicious w/o accountability.  This idiot tried to reject paper w/@DrCirillo because he couldn't translate that 4 page 8½ by 11 compressed 1-spaced =12 pages double-sp 6½ by 9.  #SkinintheGame pic.twitter.com/9wzwdtthZw
Guy Deutscher, Through the language glass
Tilmizak ya malfono
In Syrisc Zr3 can even mean shoulder. pic.twitter.com/G9XCvt32NJ
Further, the same applies to "arm" and "hand". pic.twitter.com/TZO2wuNtU5
The plot thickens: In Greek leg and foot are also πόδι, In Farsi both پا, but there is a more marked difference in Romance languages (gamba/piede) although pes in Latin can mean both.
With replacement
Why the discrepancy for small n?
Can you reread what I am saying? He means "legs", no?
Nor do we say rjl for éjr
Modern Hebrew, not even. Further, I was made aware of the diff because many Hebrew speakers confuse leg and foot in foreign languages, just as Lebanese do.
Same province
Not sure. I consume anyway (mixed with olive oil), but not sure.
Ysammo l jabal mush l balad.
Hebrew and Lebanese use same word, "regel" (ejr) for both foot and leg.
I don't get j (n+1)/(k+1), but something slightly different that converges to  j (n+1)/(k+1) for n large
On the main difference between East Med and West Med (except for Provence) called here "milk of lions". pic.twitter.com/scFhUxQZ6O
Civil violations
I need to put some sentences...
2) You cannot separate the Med diet from frequency.    1-FASTING Greeks were vegan 210 days. 2-Meat was eaten at festivals, in Yuge quantities, mostly FAT 3-Breakfast is a recent invention 4-"Dinner"=mostly mezze 5-Byphasic sleep 6-Hill/stairs climbing all the time 7-No seed oil
Hi, either I had too much wine on the plane or by how much does the average over the set S of all k-tuples of {x_1,...x_n} differ from the mean of the order a Discrete Uniform Distribution of k samples, integers in {1,n}?  cc: @MarcosCarreira pic.twitter.com/XyjwWPgBQu
In Northern Phoenicia for the Weekend.
I only write books on deep, general subjects; this is my hobby.
Actually, the real story is that @KarlreMarks was caught plagiarizing, then reacted exactly like a real plagiarist: he followed the maximally dishonorable route, digging then digging more.
Hi Michael; Maltese is more like Arabic.
Try to be predictable to your friends and unpredictable to your enemies, rather than the opposite.
Is it safe for Salafophobes?
I don't now what do you mean by "Lebanon". Is is the old name for the mountain above the Phoenician coast, or modern name for Phoenicia?
In South as well?
It does follow the J2 haplogroup migration
"τσου" as the Mediterranean "no": A sound like "ts" (sucked lip) , coupled with a single nod, meaning "NO" (& a certain familiarity with the interlocutor).   J2 Haplogroup countries: Phoenicia, Malta, Greece, Cyprus, Turkey, Sicily, Calabria, Western Syria.  Any other?
Actually, “no” in Maltese, Sicilian, Lebanese, and various other Med languages is “tsk”
Not counting the better food.
 pic.twitter.com/eeScGfGAWK
Only in Sicily. The same hotel is famous both for housing R. Wagner when he finished Parsifal and for hosting a decisive mafia convention -- in addition to being a preferred spot for various improvised and less improvised "meetings". pic.twitter.com/0tswQH8I04
I thought the Persians started using Aramaic as state language in Egypt.
L3ayno zghiré ma bi kabbér, L3ayno kbiré ma bi zaghgher.
L zghir ma bi kabbérak w l kbir ma bi zaghghrak.
Will come back!
Actually Capelli et al is old and not so rigorous. J2a is often Phoenician as well as Greek.
Same with Lebanon
Then mistranslation... "the telephone of the telephone", sorry to interfere.
מספר הטלפון של הטלפון? Are  you hacked?
Become a firefighter!
 pic.twitter.com/52LjmpCjdK
Clearly @franks_lawyer shd jump w/o parachute.
Random. Antifragile otherwise.
Taxi driver to Malta’s airport: Where are you flying to?  Me: Palermo.  Driver: vacation?  Me: No. Meeting.  Silence the rest of the journey.
It is a life wasted the community could have used to extend other lives (defense, martyrdom, etc.)
C'est l'acheteur qui décide.
Why not give them SEPARATE pills?
Returnless Risk? pic.twitter.com/ObgzkPbhfJ
Thanks!
You are dealing with Arabic nationalists who have the nerve to call Levantine music "Arabic"?
Hilton is a neocon. He should not be using my ideas.
No cousin marriage in Med. The Greek church bans it
6) To understand the Romans, essential Meds, who shunned doing things themselves but praised builders:  "Caesar pontem fecit" means Ceasar *had a bridge built* (by others), not "built a bridge" as usually translated.  Tr. into French would be "a fait bâtir un pont" not "a bâti".
Themselves East Med (Magna Grecia)
Impossible to do it that way as it is effectively growing in NP (factorially). So I give up on Brute force & will need to stop being lazy & think in terms of theorem.
Strange absence of Arabian genes (Nabatean, North & South), though possible flow from Maghrebis. Some Phoenician/Anatolian/Greek. Will increase sample & look at more sophisticated maps but still. pic.twitter.com/5VCaUZMc6k
You are right I am missing orders of magnitude here with the inverse function as I need to renormalize the other side.
Close to proving divergence without derivatives pic.twitter.com/ZL1b1VpPo6
Thanks!
The main difference is gh is pronounced 3, h with a bar=7, q = 2, x=sh ... My only mistery: how did barra/juwwa get to them from Aramaic? Unless @safaitic is right and the Arabs who took the Maghreb spoke a branch of safaitic pic.twitter.com/OXF5J0Ce0c
Only today after 6
Alessandro, I will be in Palermo tomorrow. You?
Corrected sign errors on LaTeX.
Yes can do coffee in Valetta. Any place?
Actually wrong. Not Towleb but Tohleb.
Curious that in my dialect, all as are os (Iron for Iran, Ipod for Ipad)... similar to Persian. Night is loyl in my village... lél in Beyrut (pronounced Bayrawt) But we have evidence they spoke Syriac the longest in the Kadisha vally (Kohdisha) where the accent is from.
In North Leb, all long as becomes w. My name is Towleb. Allah is Alloh!
How about Phoenician? pic.twitter.com/5pjuma6U4I
Now the mystery: there were a lot of Maltese-Lebanese trading families in Leb:  +Abella, Sabella, Mamo, Camilleri, Aquilina, Borg (Borji), Mcallef  +SALIBA in both (my mother's original last name is Ghosn Saliba, not Ghosn)   Phoenician practice to trade w/cousins across Med ?
No, the Canaanite shift
LaTeX? pic.twitter.com/zsloA8OLgj
Yok
Kollha marru tajjeb ħafna. Grazzi
Strange nobody else is tawking about it.
I am losing faith in squAts. Higher weights mess up your knees, no matter what they tell you. So I use for only high reps, equiv to  sprinting.
5) Another reason there large entities don't work in the Med, causing a scale problem: you cannot be alpha if you are not free & self-employed (or the boss), an employee of Goldman Sachs is of a lower status than a local doctor.
Octopus as the guest of Spyros, especially!
North Lebanon: mwayy!
Merci ejet min-el Provencal eyyem l salibiyyin ne7ha 2lna "merci" 2abl "shukran" ya 7mar.
You can tell Maltese is a bit more Arabic than Lebanese: ecclesiatical & nonArabic Semitic terms are often from Latin/Italian whereas Leb uses Aramaic (Ġesù not Yasu3, Eva not 7awwa...) Means Maltese didn't have these words in their corpus, which must have been Siculo-Arabic.
4) For instance to be Med you need to both disrespect hard work and respect success, exactly the opposite of the "work ethics" & the worship of labor in the non-necessarily Prostestant North.
Exercise in power laws!
Shukran is NOT Lebanese. Yeslamo or merci
 pic.twitter.com/0LydawGpDM
Brownian Bridge: Pinning Beginning (i.e., past)  and End (i.e., present) and looking at probabilities of what could have happened in between is very, very useful in GENETICS and LINGUISTICS. Even if you don't have the exact proba, you get the structure.  My solution here. pic.twitter.com/qGs50urYrC
One could say: No evidence of English DNA in India. Yet look at the cultural legacy.
Norman: as with Arabs in Spain, just a few bosses. As to Viking, traces on the coast, consistent with raids w/o settlement.
Hell, no.
Georges Moustaki
I fucking said "except for spots", for a reason.
Closer to Arabic, less Aramaic than Lebanese.
Malta è un sobborgo culinario della Sicilia. Molti ristoratori e il loro staff sono siciliani.
3) The French have tried to become Meds for 2000 years.  They can't: except for spots, Germanics speaking a Latin language.
Point is; if you're not Med, you'll never understand the Mediterranean. You can spend 31 y in Oxford reading "classics", all that sh*t, & still understand nothing about the Mediterranean.  Now, if you're not Med, the closest you'll ever get is via squid ink & Moustaki.  Salve.
Malta pic.twitter.com/36QTR8UZMc
Markov Chain.  State 16 is the one under concern We get 11/32, and can see the other nodes. pic.twitter.com/9G1dmia3AY
Mark, why the fuck are you still calling it Lebanese "Arabic", not Lebanese?
Am on a plane. Will write up and propose a Brownian Bridge with unconstrained probabilities.
Sorry, was generalizing. In this case same probability since last step deterministic.
Do you mean: what is the probability, conditional on ending at B, that he passes through C? 2 different results.
Ma nifhimx
Ma nitkellemx bl-Ingliż jekk jogħġbok għidha bil-Malti
b'linka tal-klamari (zalza sewda fuq għaġin)
Dazgur! Se nkun f'Saint Jullian
Fl-ajruplan lejn Malta fl-aħħar
Western Eurasia/East Med, same people, same kultchur
The reason I link TLB andQLB/ LB is لبي الطلب but I don't know where this can lead.
Lbb... as in  Libi (or Lblibi) bi-mizrach v ani bsof ha-ma3arav.
We need our modernized language
Then best is next time because I am leaving soon.
Yes what’s your email?
Absence of evidence from small samples (Ugaritic is small n)... Unless there is a shift somewhere, i.e. an earlier version from say QLB or something....
You can guess I have a vested interest in the root. Ugaritic but no Akkadian no Hebrew inscription (so far)?
Visual Proof that the limit is 3/4 pic.twitter.com/r6eyOcPS2h
It is Popper’s antiPlatonism. Rhings got worse since with Plato’s Republic in appendix of next edition of SITG
Une fiche de lecture du livre de Jallad
Korreckt
Are you French? J'ai lu un de vos papiers en francais.
Not so fast, there is a mistake: upper bound is k^2+4 k
Actually, no... just kidding
No... I was a much better mathematician 20 years ago.
The idea is to flip from f[x/sigma] to f[sigma/x]
Unpublished 2nd volume of Dynamic Hedging pic.twitter.com/4VsGLpEUuz
No need to. Archaic.
Zooming in on the density pic.twitter.com/0bQt7rXTqj
Skin in the game: lézem tbay3éd
In Lebanese: l tiz l na22alé mush shaghghalé
Ma bi 7ékkak illa difrak = Your finger, and only your finger, can scratch your itch.   [Liberal translation: finger in place of nail]
LOCALISM explained in Lebanese:                       Ma bi 7ékkak illa difrak
More general, instead of |5|, |k| (integer). Gen equation still unwieldy. pic.twitter.com/jbH0CHCCgN
An attempt pic.twitter.com/WKOsnjDMTL
You are not estimating distr but evaluating if dist is 1 or 2.
Mr Redouane, go learn some English before giving disrespect to @CutTheKnotMath. Die is singular; dice is plural. And please do not bother people on MathTwitter.
Yes this is for the general method. Will write up.
I am behind on latex pic.twitter.com/QEET78xDZa
Typo Probability[K | dist=Gaussian] P[dist=Gaussian]= Probability[dist=Gaussian | K]] Probability [K]
Probability[K | dist=Gaussian] P[dist=Gaussian]= Probability[dist=Gaussian | K] P[dist=Gaussian|K] Probability [K]
For years I have been shouting “Delenda Monsanto” to whoever could listen. Looks like my wishes may be finally coming true.  Another delenda: Saudi Barbaria
Working for Google.
There are cheaper, more effective forms of signaling...
We know, empirically, that @paulkrugman's opinion is useless taken at face value --practically abt everything.  But can he be useful as "reverse indicator", like traders so bad yet so nonrandom that colleagues imitate them in reverse (i,e. go short if they are bullsish, etc.) ?
It has to eventually happen. Languages are bottom up.
In science, old conventions are game for debunking/breaking.  In Lebanese there are few words that *come from* Arabic that don't also come from older languages. And except for plurals, the grammar is not arabic at all.
Mais il est indubitable que le maltais est plus proche du "tunisien" que des autres.
Mon point est: le maghrebin est il "arabe" ou d'une langue soeur sémite ?  Tout comme: le levantin est il "arabe" ou une langue sémite avec de l'arabe en commun. Si par "arabe" on veut dire l'arabe classique.
Jonas, j'ai des problemes a accepter que l'Arabe (ou "proto-Arabe") soit l'ancetre certain en presence de correlations fortes et de croisement entre langues sémites... Le polonais est-il un dialecte russe, ou les deux sont des dialectes slaves?
Imbecile.
You need to look at the NNT of the treatment.
Coupa, couspa, possibly Crusader, Provencal, or Roman... above Kousba is Rish Dibbin Roche des Pins. @GeorgeJNasr
I remember the smering as son of liar
You forget the Aramaic: Bar Kochba
Might me from Ma77é (root محا )
It's not.
Hi, @CiderKiwi. I would assume that a capable "researcher" would be able to use google to do "research" to find a professor's email, just as a signaling measure. It usually takes 12 seconds to find any prof's mail.
Paul, you are conflating malaak (long a, messenger) with malak (owner). Mulu5iyyé is from the latter (the plant of kings, same as basil for Meds).
Yes, in the Lebanese so-called "dialect" we say ni7 for quiet (common in my region).
Syriac nameplace Ni7a (in Lebanese, Ni7a means peaceful as in Syriac) pic.twitter.com/Vps5LLUGp1
4) The Phoenicians were the localists of history, maneuvering across dominant empires by paying for mafia protection. Centralistas are so programmed to think anachronistically in nation-states that they spread the incoherent thesis by @josephinequinn that they didn't exist.
The easy way to do it using existing methods is switching between 2 unobservable "regimes" s1 (Gaussian) and s2 (Student T). Conditional on an observation X, which regime is more responsible for it? See Hamilton, Time Series Analysis, page 677 for example.
Hi. Welcome. Ask him: @PZalloua
Where?
The best shortcut.
Market makers are exempt
You need much more than 1 10^10 observations to know the distribution in the tails >10^10
Niet.
Oui, to simplify
#RWRI 8 THE SELF REFERENCE PROBLEM OF PROBABILITY DISTRIBUTIONS  A Quiz based on a rule offered by @Sarasewda, cc:@normonics @trishankkarthik pic.twitter.com/vPr6vLkBM1
3) The naive political "scientists" (& other BS vendors) think superficially, in labels. They want the U.S. to not be a colony of Britain, but want Britain to be a colony of Brussels, & Nebraska  to be a colony of Washington, D.C.  They don't get centralization .
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localism.
Trying to see if this works pic.twitter.com/BHIQEAZifA
The generalized birthday paradox from a @CutTheKnotMath problem pic.twitter.com/EIrVPdDPDv
7allon yefhamo illi ktabto bi Antifragile
Not with pple who distort what I am saying.
No! Don't listen to bullshitters passing for experts w/o empirical backing.
Sa3iid
He was 40 years too early... with Facebook he would have succeeded.  Actually, he is starting to.
Imbecile who is saying there SHOULD be penalties?
3) Accepting that some people ("past victims") should be treated differently in matters of "racism" implies: accepting to have discounted (or waved) penalties for past victims of theft when they themselves commit theft.  So many logical inconsistencies in these arguments!
RWRI 8: high Sharpe ratios are predictive of huge blowups.  The more stable the return, the more likely the blowup.   Volatile funds lose money; but not as much as nonvolatile ones. pic.twitter.com/aNffPEZDms
OK, OK, you are right.
Imbecile.
RWRI 8: Lecktchurer talking about how intellectulas yet idiots nudgeboys  @r_thaler @CassSunstein increase risk in the system pic.twitter.com/QnPJVevSzu
Imbecile.
Imbecile who is equating?
Haydé fikrit Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, mush fikrté, w naja7ét.
Kill ma ba33adna 3an l 3arab, kill ma t2addamna ejtima3iyyan w 3ilmiyyan, w iktisadiyyan...
2) To establish societal symmetry:  The bigotteer needs to be penalized the same as the bigot.  The false accuser needs to be penalized as if he committed the crime himself (Hammurabi).  etc.
That was me!
Hiyyé mush la asbéb téri5iyyé bass la asbéb 3amaliyyé: l Maltiyyé naja7o w saro Europiyyé w ne7na 3am nékol hawa.
It is RACIST to penalize someone from race A saying something abt someone from race B, but not someone from race B saying something abt someone from race A.  It is worse than racist: it breaks societal symmetry.  The same applies to gender.
I can understand why some writers (Balzac) were obsessed with printing.  Marx was right about the alienation (which he eventually helped increase).   Artisans minimize the distance between labor and fruits of labor. pic.twitter.com/P8NdD4FSRF
I wrote in SITG abt artisans seeing their full product, unlike factory workers laboring on a portion of it.  There is an immense satisfaction writing a book while controling 100% of the aesthetics,on the final format, as it will look *exactly* on the page.  It makes it artisanal.
OK, The Vol 1 of theTECHNICAL INCERTO, "The Statistical Consequences of Fat Tails: Technical Papers and Commentary" will come out this year (color), thanks to @TuckerMax who manages my STEM ACADEMIC PUBLISHING (contract signed).  Writing math on final format is like painting. pic.twitter.com/DKVqP25fb7
Munzal in Arabic (move diacriticals around, looks like Manzil) is "descended" or "coming from above.   Nazlé in Levantine: slope (downward)
@pmaymin indeed
Ana déyman bijé 3a Amioun, marra (weekend) kill shahr
Akid
I am going on a linguistic trip. Alone, just to tawk & listen to the local language to get inspiration for the Lebanese neo-Phoenician writing system.
Looks  nonrandom. Also Anatolian Greeks have "Hadji" for holy men/former pilgrims.
"Nice guy" ("asshole") is a compliment (insult) when uttered by family member (charlatans).
You mean "gave me NO information".
Ma fhmt shu "2aryeen"?
Are you there now?
Ana raye7 3a Malta la et3allam kif byektbo leghton el-Samiyyé e bi 3isho ka Europiyyé b-légha mitl tab3iitna.
Friends, where in Malta should one stay?
The success of twitter lies in twitter fights.  (An idea of @normonics )
“If p=np I don’t want to be alive” @trishankkarthik pic.twitter.com/EUMwDnD1Bs
Thanking @_swanson for the recommendation.
Very very good! Next to RWRI.
Italian publisher is in town. pic.twitter.com/53kFaoWT1F
Assyrian --like Arabic --doesn't have diphtongues, which are now common in Levantine.
Also change the variable from x to some other symbol...
I put the f mistakenly in the earlier step. 1-x approx exp(-x) for x small
How do you feel about eggs?
Donti mix.
Fi shi ismo AERAL INFLUENCE: lamma legtein byen7eko 7add ba3don, bisouro byeshbaho naghmet ba3don: lfrensewé 3indo l "r" mitl el Ilmané, l3ibrani mitl l Ilmané.  L bayruté mitl l Tilyéné naghméto (wl Yunéné): lamma ne7ké Tiliyéné ma 3inna lahjé awiyyé.
Doesn't allow integration of new scientific words. Hebrew can do it more easily, but still.  Think of Turkey.
 pic.twitter.com/er8dxJPSbG
Can you please name the fields or topics in philosophy that have actually been pushed forward by academic philosophers?   Citation rings don't count.
Rebecca, Praying for his soul. Ad vitam aeternam.
Lamma kent trader t3arraft 3a ktir 3alam eghnya 7kama snén ("Belgian dentist") byétsallo bil trading.
Thanks!
Squid ink where?
Ma3am tefham, Leish l3alam 3a Facebook ma byktbo kellon bil7arf l3arabé l7elo?
That is not what Lindy says. Unconditional on being ill != conditional
Fi é w o 3inna mafi bil3arabé. (5 vowels not 3, a i, ou). W fi ishya ktiré mtl hayda.
Mafik téktob el lughat el Europiyyé bil7arf el 3arabé. L Atrak jarrabo l7arf llatiné zabatét ma3on la2nno fi ktir kilmét Europiyyé 3indon, mitl 3inna.
Rawwe2 a3sabak shrab laymunada.
l7arf l3arabé ma byémshé mni7 ma3 leghetna.
La2, el e3rab biyéjé ba3d l legha.
The traditional mission of the journalist is to 1) be independent, 2) fight power on behalf of citizens. We are getting, with very few exceptions, cowards who worry about their reputation & are afraid to fight the monoculture.
Ahamm shi bil legha ma ma3rwf min weyn jéyé bas na3rwf weyn banna nekhda!
Ma7moud inta bil AUB? Hay2tak mitlé “localist”.
Lmashre2
They are not “Arab” but Semitic dialects
Neoken3ané
Huwwé ltandard biyejé ba3dén. Binballesh bilkitébé btejé l2ishya 3afwiyyé. Spontaneous order upon removal of constraints.
Lahje minel neoKen3ane
Hope it all goes well.
3miltillo block dighré. Bass billebnéné b2illo "rou7 ballet el ba7r"
Ma zabatét abl ma3 sa3id 3a2l, halla2 rej3ét lfikra tettabba2, ma3   1) el-social media w  2) mawt mashru3 l 3urubé bi Lebnén (w Suriyya'l gharbiyyé).   Wa2ta halla2. "An idea whose time has come".
Huwwe l inglize biyinkatan btari2a we7de ma3 inno l lahjet mtekhtelef
Where is this?
I own a Tesla. You need to look at it statistically.
Shwayy shwayy bitmallésh l lgha lamma nsir 3inna ktob fiya w ma2alét.
Difference between a dialect and language...
Lfar2 béyn l legha wl lahjé hiyyé bass l kitébé.  Ktubo bil lebnéné/Neo-Ken3ané/Neo-Fini2é. Ma tste7o min leghét jdudkon!  Ma tste7o!  Ana la7 tarjém kitbé 3al Néo-Ken3ané.
The Guardian article was a parody. Is your friend Mazer soooooooo stoopid?
Actually you need n>3 to avoid double counting.
With n=2, you get 3/2 because of double counting: we need n>2
No.
 pic.twitter.com/dd5aaK71Pu
You are gaining muscles.
It is like asking a writer: "how is your book different from War and Peace?". If you know nothing about statistics, do your homework before asking such questions.
Yes, WTF can't people get that all criticism of stat are not the same?
To summarize the central problem addressed in my technical book. pic.twitter.com/DvX5BRM05r
No idea ...
Lee, I see you are debating someone I/ve blocked... You block people, they become obsessed with you.
Alla yer7ama
How much power did the pope have? Try to think before posting.
The effect of the hangover... still there
For Baal's sake, Saudis are NOT Meds!
I had a run in with a low-IQ  Egyptian Arabista called Amr Moussa. When I presented the "good fences make good neighbors" model [SCALE DEPENDENCE] at a conference, he invoked "sectarianism".
From Silent Risk pic.twitter.com/pOsJ1UZ3zv
This is BS.
Meanwhile @Samueltadros is a Copt, & I am obligated to protect his species, victim of both the minority rule & the Arabist anti-decentralization mode.  From his feed, he seems to respect Orientialists with erudition, something Arabs don't...
Yes, the erratum: should not be parentheses (a stupid copy editor) but commas. Was referring to Fouché.
Monte Carlo: I assume probability that all points lie in [Min, Max] equals that [0,a], [b,2 \pi]= twice being in [Min, Max] . pic.twitter.com/l1EjM5MD9C
They just tawk... That strengthens him.
Imbecile, I am not complaining, but EXPOSING.
Watch out: I block nitpickers, particularly those who nitpick aphorisms.  Gabish?
(No, the point is that complaining is what losers do.)
You want your enemies to complain about you. The more they complain, the better.
 pic.twitter.com/jLsvZW4oXD
Did I cheat? I can try the polar coordinates. pic.twitter.com/UaN8djHJI4
I am still under the aftereffect of Russian vodka so will follow up
It is twice the probabilities above: proba that all fall into  max-min + probability they all fall outside.
Yes need to make it round. Will fix.
My result matches with Monte Carlo (2 runs, n=6,10) pic.twitter.com/nLztSwK1Dt
You need to realize I am on the plane back with a severe Russian hangover.
I block pple who mess with the serenity mathTwitter with cheap comments.
Actually got same result shifted by 1 (counted n-1 not n points). So:   n /2^{n-1}
You should have bought @Rootclaim !
Maximum Simplification: I am looking for the probability that the range max-min of a uniform distribution [0,1] <=½, which is 2^-n (1+n).  Tricky because not independent. Derivation coming if result is OK.  The second answer lies in getting distri of \phi if points are uniform.
You are bullshitting me. The difference between anecdote and rigor is NOT a philosophical difference.  Please remove my name from your threads.
2nd lie by Klueless Massimo- Lying Massimo. Hundreds of citations (in philo of econ, of probability, & political philosopy). Plus invit. to collaborate & dozens lectchurs in philo depts. & Papers w @rupertread, @csandis, others. Klueless/Lying Massimo so buthurt by my reaction?
Bayye not abi
Russian Keto: pork fat, unapologetic. Helps with both keto and drinking. pic.twitter.com/KKXlCVYsuh
Getting drunk with Russians! pic.twitter.com/Iw8t2Gonp7
Submitted wrong paper.
Paper was accepted by a journal. I accidentally submitted it in place of another file and just got the report.
En Francais "coherent" et en Anglish: pas le meme sens. "Incoherent" (angl) veut dire ne tient pas la route, plein de contradictions. En Francais: ne coule pas de facon linéaire.
No intermittent fasting! Just simple high fat.
Not true. Fabrication, no genetic imprint.
When you say “not always coherent” without pointing out incoherence, you may be producing BS
Home town...
no. just don't like misclassifications
I am game!  Under the condition that the public is never anonymous. Skin in the game all the way.
Christian lebs left first, now Shiites are Phoenicianists...
We have much, much more gene flow Levant => Peninsula/Northern Arabia than the reverse, language was probably associated with migration.
The explicit Arabization program started with Michel Aflaq & some people want to rewind it.
From Baathist propaganda...
You are not getting that it is ABSENCE of SITG that got us there?
w bn2ul ma2tu3 7ablo tgayyarét shwayyé.
лучший музей в мире pic.twitter.com/LsiToosq96
He means asymmetry. This is why differential entropy is asymmetric.
Bye Bye Dodd Frank, good riddance: pages & pages of regulations, nothing about skin in the game.  Skin in the game >> all other regulations. pic.twitter.com/b1X90zT2iO
Present in Aramaic
It is not a “dialect”
It is not mutually comprehensible with Classical Arabic. And pple know Egyptian from movies.
What are u calling “Arabic”?
The great truth: in countries whose official language is “Arabic”, Arabic is a 3rd language (except for Peninsula, v. religious pple & scholars): people are triglossic: easier to read/write in English/Turkish/French than in Arabic.  Time for countries to use their own language.
Je viens de decouvrir que je comprend le Catalan!
Not my company. Sorry. These psychologists...
Skip the f***ng Arabic.
I would excoriate it for his opinions. You are not getting my point.
Depends in which field.
One action is illegal, the other is the expression of an opinion.
Take your own risk
Actually, not from Arabic, but Aramaic. From older Semitic Avatiach, from what I recall. pic.twitter.com/rWQoRBQkqO
Can you have anything other than multiples of 2?
In Levantine, we only use the root for "Fatayer"
You fughedabout Syriac: to go away, to die... pic.twitter.com/5jO1DVJ0ZX
A few unethical things I've done in my life.
Can't use absence of evidence to incriminate.
Oh no!
Bone marrow pic.twitter.com/Yk6uh4BBG8
I may be off by one period, but this converges very quickly. pic.twitter.com/YLSXybM4WI
As a general rule, most "regrets" after one is caught's aren't regrets about having committed the action, but regrets about having been caught.  Apologies count only when they are spontaneous, coming out of deep principles. Otherwise they are just an expression of submission.
Not real. Dyed pasta. You need the sticky sauce.
Thanks. Details?
He has no idea of what journal publish?
Not Lindy. I'd rather have the bishop than the security analyst pic.twitter.com/3TXOcg0Yay
Not true: priestly functions have a role, and have had a role in all societies.
Why the f*ck are pple interested in Harry for? For his scientific contributions?
I gather you are a British "subject".
Thought police.
This was written with comments by @freakonometrics a few months ago in mind, about my point that while we know some stuff about fat tails, it contradicts much of modern econometrics/statistics. pic.twitter.com/JG0CvMTcaq
You need to buy a copy of @davidgraeber's "Bul***t Jobs", about jobs that, if they didn't exist, wouldn't have to be invented.  But there are b***t professions that can be eliminated w/o harm (& w/gains)  Which is the most "b***t" profession?
Also  rmédé in Levantine: gray (from ashes)
In person.
Poetic!
Sub-Imbecile, I took risk for a living.
Silent Risk is Volume 2
Complication w/o insight: Taking gloves off in my new technical but antiacademic book: uncensored thanks to pub house w @TuckerMax.   Emergence of ProbabilityTwitter w/ @HarryDCrane, @ole_b_peters RealWldRisk co-founder @financequant & others fighting for clarity over nonsense. pic.twitter.com/MOM6aOIczf
Which government do you work for?
Nerds posting about Skin in the Game: "... but he is very, very  rude to academics" do not realize that it actually makes people more interested in the book.
10 years ago
By contrast I went 2x on a group offsite w/the Swedish King (who is not considered part of the royal thingy in Europe), to discuss the Precautionary Pple. He flew economy w/us, then took a chartered bus. No instruction list.
I was invited for "tea" with a certain member of that royal family.  I was handed instructions on how to behave, what to say, how to address him, who eats 1st, meaning to signal at all times that I was inferior.   I found it unbearable & humiliating, broke the rules. But still.
Are you republican?
Yes you accept the notion of being socially inferior to the monarch?
I have some trouble figuring out the Brits: they are maximally politically correct & progressive in small things, yet accept to be (nominally) mere subjects of a hereditary royal family.  They practically worship their present & future monarch.
You are making an inference without seeing the full text.  How unscientific!
The advantage of writing on your own terms: you can fully control the aesthetics. Writing in Latex resembles painting.  New model: publishing under "STEM ACADEMIC PRESS", an outfit for peer-reviewed texts, w/the business aspect controlled by @TuckerMax's firm. pic.twitter.com/XMAGeqAsiA
NY
It works for 4, 8, ... not necessarity outside 2^n g[2 x]=2 g[x].  Let x= z K/2;  g[K z]=2 g[K z/2] K=4:  g[4 x]=2 g[2 x]= 4 g[x] K=8: g[8 z]=2 g[4 z]= 8 g[x]
OK, OK, meant reciprocal. OK now? pic.twitter.com/AWHC3lwoMO
Thanks! Where do you work?
Which ones?
There is a possible link to S(h)b3 (well fed) pic.twitter.com/oylvpUmNcH
A good book!
Either I drank too much rosé wine last night, or this proof is sufficient. pic.twitter.com/NPEizeJqDi
Alas, no.
It would be conditionally odd since the next day is called "Day one" (Yom 2hd) & all other days numbered (except for day 6 in Arabic).
You forgot:  sabt (Saturday, 7th day of the week, from sab3t) sbé3é (Hard headed, born 7th month) sab3 (7 years: "da3ibuhu sab3, addibuhu sab3, rahfiquhu sab3")
Squid ink pic.twitter.com/DScW7Cv0gf
Separate from ½ (F(a-e)+ F(a+e))?
In other words if the extremes are always worth more than the center, we can assert convexity regardless of equation used for valuation.
Does this work? pic.twitter.com/dFkbAUOz4A
So if you like the NYT’s advocacy because it fits your orientation, you will give them a free pass for now. But you will overcompensate & distrust them heavily once they diverge ever so slightly from your views.  Advocacy is not robust for a newspaper.
Vous etes tres, tres ignorant.  j1c3d est une branche de J-P58. pic.twitter.com/oQ5VLDRQgj
L'histoire a beaucoup de sornettes. La genetique prouve le contraire.
Michael Bonner's review (he is a classical scholar). pic.twitter.com/0crubemWkQ
They are not generalizing to financial markets/other decisions and trying to intrusively get into your life.
Was "consider", assume... So we need the other possibilities...
You are not getting it. I am not saying EVERYONE ELSE is wrong. A lot of people in the book are right, including your grandmother. I am just saying @R_Thaler , @CassSunstein et al are intellectual frauds.  That's FAR FROM everybody.  Gabish?
F(a+(a-b)+F(b+ (b-a)) >= F(a)+F(b) Consider F(a)+F(a-b)+F(b)+F(b-a)>=F(a)+F(b) If  F(a-b)+F(b-a)>= 0 for all values of  vectors a and b, F(a-b)=F(b-a) (necessarily?)  2 F(a-b)>= 0, which implies convexity.
C'est un autre J1. La Peninsule est J1e (P58). Il y a un J1 Anatolien present chez les Armeniens, etc. J1e au Liban: 3% J1e en Palestine: 30%
Never mind was confused whether def of norm here is std or variance. STD ( a X)= abs[a] STD [X]
2 books of 300 p each
Works by Taylor expansions, twice.
Shd homogeneity be of the degree equal to norm?
I see, you mean "tight". Indeed it is an arbitrage bound --I've seen it violated. I used to trade correlations. From DYNAMIC HEDGING (1997) pic.twitter.com/Jt2eOB7ODi
What's inaccurate?
I've never seen this (now obvious) inequality in statistics.
Indeed, Vol 2 is RISK AND FRAGILITY, with most of Silent Risk  Chapter 1 is expanded into a nonverytechnical book with @DrCirillo
The PDF will be available for free. Hard cover in color at about $20-30.
Mosul partly in wider East Med. MENA region doesn’t exist.
INCERTO'S TECHNICAL COMPANION, Vol 1 is almost complete. Only a matter of fixing the aesthetics, figuring out how to publish. pic.twitter.com/NVJOp583Jh
Liar.
You have a problem of reading comprehension. The IDEA is a Prostestant heresy. Not that the people were Prostestant then changed.  Read, think, think, think, then tweet.  Gabish?
3) Differentiation of religions is new, caused by communication, exploding w/internet.  Doura Europos: same room doubled as temple/synagogue/church. It had human representations. Pple could be all 3, or combination.  Religion was much more local than global, pre-Saudi Barbaria.
2) Some remnants of gnostic religions: Alevis, Alawis, Druze, etc. still maintain the Pagan practice of substituting religions: each individual can syncretize when in a Christian or Muslim environment.
Yes the bound is central for the triangle inequality. Thanks!
1) Problem w/modern monotheism (including a Protestant heresy called atheism) is the increased integrality, the "either/or": you can't be ⅓  Jewish, ⅓ Sunni, ⅓ Prostestant & rotate betw rituals.  You can take pre-packaged syncretism: Cath/Orthodoxy/Shias but still indivisible.
Thank! But how about the comments?
Great! Can you expand showing the effect of the bounds  Cov(X,Y) and V(X) V(Y) as that step is central.
An interesting result from a problem from @cuttheknot. pic.twitter.com/RJ61FlCvPQ
Before trolling above in the other thread, consider the notion of JOINT distributions
Let me LaTeX it then... But it looks like a nice property in its own right.
I didn't double check the result. If OK, a nice property of standard deviation. pic.twitter.com/5yMkQcycXx
Happy Birthday!!!
As I said, in the tweet that caused this entire series... Hard to explain why I can't stand the so-called "humanities".
Like the randomness of the comments of some hack talking about something he doesn't understand?
I don't see how this statement connects, since 10K != 4K, and the theory du jour (see Reich) is lighter pigmentation comes from farmers. Why are you connecting this to the Lazaridis paper?
Did you get one is using JOINT distributions, not a single one?
Then you mean that Lazaridis et al. is contradicting the conclusion of Lazaridis et al.?  Please explain.
This ia a probability problem, scaled by sqrt(n).
Alternatively use correlation(A,B) as cos and do it geometrically.
Define noncentral STD as the square root of the second moment. Because of convexity STD(A+d) + STD(A-d)  > 2 STD(A). Here STD (a A + b B), a=2, b=-1 etc. Can’t write full proof from gym.
No, but should I take it that you added the Lazaridis result without reading it?  You are still are not getting what bothers me about your article? It exposes two different methods for search of truth.
It is nonrandom that ku7ul means both blue and wine in Medieval Arabic.
It is not a detail, you know.
But Lazaridis did not say they were "darker". He said they were about the same.
Can you reformulate as "the nonconcave" cannot be optimized?
But you used the argument to prop up a point that the ancients were "darker". Something I fail to get in your entire argumentation, although I am sympathetic to the idea that Greeks were closer to Meds/Anatolians (in ~every respect) than to North. Europeans claiming their legacy.
So in Midrashic 3amiq is used for darker. Ancient name for valley before it became "wadi". pic.twitter.com/crfAO3hHTJ
So a problem with Whitmarch's piece is that his colors (not being fixed) cannot yield any ordering, as it is necessarily intransitive, you need another dimension that is transitive.  But will discuss the deeper problem with his piece after these twitter comments.
The Levantine word for "dark" (for skin, shades of color, etc.) is ghami2 is the same as "deep" (diff from Arabic), from Semitic root עָמוֹק. The werb ghammi2 = to go deep underwater or underground.   ghame2 غامق becomes عميق (3amiq) in Arabic.
I revised to say explicit
But then to remain positive the function needs to be convex, no?
REVISED OK, OK, needs to be a closed form fuction, with a closed form inverse. pic.twitter.com/D2JLvJGOuu
The sum needs to have g'(x)>0... But works here.
See Antifragile, Part IV, and iatrogenics sections. Meanwhile you will be blocked after reading this.
Can't invert. Will explain what I am doing... Showing the reason we have thin tails ....
\underset{x\to \infty }{\lim}\tan ^{-1}(x)=\pi/2
In Semitic languages, colors come from objects  ابيض from egg שחור from sh7war כחול from eye coloring k7lé etc...
Yes I meant (a+x)^{\alpha }+\log (a+x)
Log[x+ a] (x+b)^\alpha ?
No, a sum s.a. log(x) + x^is a is not invertible (becomes a product log)
Good but can be reduced to logs. pic.twitter.com/GHjvzQguhI
good!
As my future student J-P will study later this month, if one thing is the same at both period 1 and period 2, the most likely path between ALL intermediary periods is to remain the same. pic.twitter.com/aJLKUQ7f2d
Linear combinations are rarely invertible. That's my point.
\log( \sqrt(x)) is just a weighting function: ½ log(x) , more generally \log(x^\alpha)) for all alpha
Math Explorations: Looking for all members of the class of unbounded monotone increasing concave functions.  cc:@CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/i2X7w1JNz9
Last paragraph concludes ancient not too different in pigmentation from CURRENT population under consideration. pic.twitter.com/dMSD7DQslh
Objection: In Hebrew one uses old forms "Hag sameach...", etc.
My point is that a color was not a color as we see it today but perhaps a metaphor for geography, so we cannot rely on ancient color references.  BTW this is in #Antifragile pic.twitter.com/jDUvls3b1Z
I become more emollient as we move away from Donna Zuckerberg et al.
1) Don't use single Haplogroup but ALL proportions, see below as I did with mitc. 2) PCA is not a great metric for diffs because it overweights the center, underweighs the remote. Diff entropy does the correction stretch. 3) Put 10 Lebanese in a Greek crowd in Athens. Find them. pic.twitter.com/gg88T6tNdX
So you can see on the horizontal line the Greeks connect to the Lebanese, not Levant.
1) This is NOT haplogroup but autosomal. Haplogroup overlays the information. For groups, it is not a "single ancestor" but a statistical aggregate. 2) Eucledian Distances are largely a problem (working on correctin). You need to look on PC1 (horizontal) AND vertical. More TK
Here you go pic.twitter.com/V3qZtqVAcP
Here is my PCA overlayed with haplogroups. Palestinians are rarely J2 and not Levantine (more Arab). The Lebanese still have largely Phoenician DNA. The circle is J2 sharing same Anatolian root. Western Turks are also there. pic.twitter.com/iD94Ve8f4Q
Don't take me wrong; while I look aggressive I agree with the point but felt that it was playing with the politically correct. BTW I've read your book on atheism.  Re: blue: we'll never know chromo from the past discourse, except geography. Next tweet:
I am not blaming you for what you meant, but for having to argue about it as an adjunct; it weakens the point that the Greeks were just Meds, not too different from Ageans, Anatolians, Armenians, Georgians, North Iranians, and today's East Meds. Paternity tests shd come first.
This is not a simulation but an exhaustive computation.
The monastery in the rock was a pre-christian pagan, then Roman shrine.
Never Mind pic.twitter.com/Ek6ttH2J3b
I get 46/5. Any discrepancy? pic.twitter.com/uKHFdCq6kx
J1e P58 is peninsular. A relative is J1e for Kohanim. Other J1s are Meds.
Ottomana vs Habsburgiana
Michael, I don’t see it that way: more like an outsider playing with the wrong tools, condescending pronouncements
These controls are BS. High intensity != regular exercise
To illustrate that the “health benefits” of the Mediterranean diet aren’t in the diet: people spend their lives climbing stairs and doing intermittent fasts. pic.twitter.com/Fn1cydJZaV
The health benefits of the “Mediterranean diet” aren’t in the food: people spend their lives climbing stairs and steep hills.
The other problem with @Twhittermarsh is that Greeks had a very primitive color vocabulary to generate reliable spectral conclusions. No color blue until late. Look at family names: in Levant Aswad/Asmar/Ash2ar, or in France Lenoir, Lebrun, Leblanc, Leblond, etc.
Sorry maybe mistake
Don't worry, Eric. Drezner is so unskilled I wouldn't use him to do anything, not even to walk my dog.
Here is the final. But not worth Latexing as this solution is not elegant. pic.twitter.com/huXVZnQlOL
OK, Sorry. Works, but less elegant. pic.twitter.com/3RRhQAYMrI
 pic.twitter.com/hgTMSKTSLS
Belated posting of the NYU Tandon class party (students and former students). pic.twitter.com/pHwqT4hTeJ
Echelles du Levant plus Franco-Turkish alliance
هو الاختلاف سياسي مش مع الشعوب، بس احترام الشعوب و تاريخون العميق.
Breakfast dulls you: signals no need to fight.
Minority rule + people voting for economic improvement
It's a minority rule. People vote for economic reasons...
No, changed impression. The other way.
With same all x_i \in (0, \pi/2]
Lebanese loan words from Turkish, often Persan, Italian or French (Arabists & postcolonial low-IQ types don’t realize many French words came via Turkish)  Professions ending with -ji: bustaji, kindarji.  Sofra Oda Dukkan Trabzin  Franco-Venitian: Nimra  Balkon Assenseur Coiffeur
Tsne is much richer but I am using other people’s available  results. Equivalently I did my own differential entropy on mit. DNA to get distances.
How about this cc:@MarcosCarreira pic.twitter.com/FqvX4uNEft
Imbecile. No such thing as "Semitic" here.
What happens when you ovelay the autosomal on the J2 haplogroup? Gives us an idea of East Med.  Like a detective story.  (Very very preliminary). pic.twitter.com/dkjqEmI7xd
Yes, above was wrong as I put cot not cos in contraint. Deleted.
Yes, I got bigger problems than that Krugman.  No squid ink in Turkey and calling frenetically suppliers/fishermen in Lebanon for immediately fresh squid ink for my dinner tomorrow.
This shows the areas that I missed originally --the second constraint de-symmetrizes the vector {x,y,z,t}. pic.twitter.com/lQjoBxgIVz
Less than 3% by some accounts for Lebanon.
I see: because of  the constraint, as you add variables,  you need to bring down the range from Pi/2 to something smaller to make it symmetric.
Error. I added \sum cot[x_i]^2=1, not \sum[cos[x_i]^2].
 pic.twitter.com/XMFJfcAF1V
There is a thingy at x+y >=1 pic.twitter.com/IfzENWg9Si
So long as we stay in the convex zone.
Cot( x ) +Cot (1-x) for x in [0,1] has a min at 1/2 pic.twitter.com/H6WaWRkXe0
Thanks a million!
I meant one with a harem on the top floor...
Any hotel recommendation?
Çol teşekkürler. Yarin
The busiest museum section I’ve ever visited pic.twitter.com/RJrjVjkLgd
That’s my “never cross a river if it is on average 4 feet deep”
Effectively lower bound is 2 pic.twitter.com/X8lP7zCEFU
Never mind. We needed more than Lagrange. The minimum is at a=½,b-~1/2 pic.twitter.com/r1XWSCAfNM
A straightforward Lagrange gives me a lower bound at 4/sqrt(3), tighter than 2. Is there a problem?
Link? Thanks
We noticed from data on violence that oral history had a tendency to overestimate past violence (Mongols). Ignore words.
True. Which paper is this?
Now 1) put the PCA on a world scale and see how tiny the differences are, 2) consider Ancient DNA for historical stull. pic.twitter.com/w6lLwxhC8x
So Irene was just an-ex post expression?
No but I have a supplier in Jounieh who guaranteed some for the weekend.0
Paul, I was wainting for you to show up!
Yes, my point, I saw at the end, but then we don't need all these accounts when there is SCIENCE. Also you missed the other part, that the Phoenicians are largely from the same Anatolian origin.
Without genetics, all BS.
Author is a bullshitter.
Impoooooooossible to get a table.
I kept running out of kettlebells. The max in the gym is limited. Barbells are less aerobic. After 20 you are depleted for a long time.
Another heurisitic for all-cause mortality is the volatility of hearbeats. Up- down and a minute rest.
The classical world is Western Asia/ Mediterranean. Little to do with “Europe”   except for an anachronistic narrative.
I am standing next to the Bosphorus. The other side is Asia. So if the BBC wanted to do a Mary Beard style historical film, shd they cat pple from Stockholm for this side & pple from Tokyo on the other?  “Europe” is a miscategory. Western Eurasia-Med is the proper ecology. pic.twitter.com/GdCyKxjYel
Only bad news on pilgrimage to Hagia Sophia: 8 columns of porphyry — red marble —taken from the temple of Jupiter in Baalbeck Lebanon. pic.twitter.com/PFHzQYrr3T
He seems to refer to what they call proto-Arabic something circularly defined.
Other neighboring languages too are not to be called “dialects of” Arabic.
You claim you came for the history; the real reason is the loukums: pic.twitter.com/3LsIeB1YMk
Do you want to learn or bullshit about “testability”? You are not running experiments.  My point is that the categories need to be orthogonal otherwise the analysis doesn’t hold . You need to figure out a way to do it.
Your entire field is just talk. So calm down and learn. Science is hard. Some claims can and cannot be made.
I didn't try in Z. Will figure out a way to do so. But in R only 2nd degree polynomials satisfy the condition.
I am not predicting anything; this is not a game. And you cannot “falsify” (wronf language). But there may be technical problems with low n matrices, see next tweet.
Wrong ecosystem, genetically. Use food as heuristic. J2 Haplo= Greece+Turkey+Leb+Cyprus+ Israel
Actually this entails calculus
And if you accept PCAs, it is NOT minimum distance, but things are looked at as clusters.
In principle this is exactly what I am looking for,  1) Test distance from "Arabic" defined as Classical Arabic, 2) Use the right matrix, i.e. use all the explanatory variables (this requires some work as with DNA we use entire autosomal). TK @davidboxenhorn
No, please.
Lebanese are Meds.
NOTHING written by journos style NYT
Thanks!
Close: supersquats. You are not aiming for strength, mostly for circulation. 20 reps. Or find a weight you can only do 20 x. After 20 you feel you climbed Mount Something. Heartbeat >180-190.  Or do 3 sets of 15 or eq.  Close to sprinting, or running uphill. cc:@GuruAnaerobic
Lebanese elections:  6 women elected, 2 Christian, 4 Muslim pic.twitter.com/pVzxYuSr5R
Hope it answers... but can do long hand. pic.twitter.com/TcJs52SxGp
Thanks a million!
Squid in its black ink
Only 5 lbs!
Merhaba,  Kalamar mürekkebini burada (İstanbul'da) iyi bir lokantada nerede bulabilirim?  Teşekkürler
The nickname for the city
Near East
Dünya güzeli
Aatiho? Ma bifham shu lkélmé
In Europe when they say Lebanese rest they are not Lebanese. leb wd say Mediterranean cuisine
Exactly, which is why I don't like his quote. Violence was NOT high during the period.
I can't dowload that one from the road for some reason on my university ID.
Yes, can't download it. Can you share?
I can't download the real paper. Do you have it?
Of course read & synthetized everything for Last biok.
Max Entropy under log constraint (and no moment) => Power law
5) The contrast for Wells was betw Michelangelo & the cuckoo clock.   Next step: we can contrast grand design (French "enlightenment") vs something small that works: cuckoo clocks.
4) CH Cuckoo Clock vs French Terror, starting with: "In CH, they had brotherly love, they had 500y of democracy & peace – and what did that produce? The cuckoo clock." (O.Welles)  Next level:  universalism vs fractal particularism. Big ideas vs practical ones.
Thanks! You got the symmetry-asymmetry thingy!
There are no successful and unsuccessful people. A few ones are just trying to be someone else.
Didn't know about it. Usually I skip those by academics.
Probably CAUSED by decentralization
mo5talifa mush Kan3ané. mitghayyra or mnaww3a.  The reason is that when you do an aphorism, you follow the logic of the language. Kan3ané is good for aphorisms.
3) is there or has there been any country where power is as distributed as CH? (Consider size of political sub-unit).
Sorry, meant CH
Friends, a CHF discussion thread.  1) Is Switzerland the only modern state that was entirely built from the bottom up?   What are the main differences with pre-Bismark Germany other than CHF never had a Bismark?  Did Napoleon actually DE-Centralize CHF?
Bad site. BS.
Look at this emergence of a lognormal, turning into power law (in progress) pic.twitter.com/KOPLypi5pF
je le suis @GaspardKoenig
My theory is that the cop was Turkish.
That’s for punishment!
What made me queazy is the lack of statistical foundations to a “science”
Had lunch w/a student of Marc Kac.  Kac & Von Neumann were driving to the airport. VN who was driving fughot to stop at a light. A fierce cop pulled them over.  Cop: Where are you going like this?  VN: Istanbul  The cop, confused, let them off  VN: See, it pays to say the truth!
David, unfortunately, I had read most of that stuff over the past 2 y. I carpet ordered ALL the books 2 rounds ago. The only additional thingy was the areal diffusion thingy by the Australian you suggested.
What’s BAsp? Congrats!
Great guy
Robert, you are patient. I silenced the fellow.
Remember that it is easier to convince a mafia made man to become a priest than convince an economist that his methods are BS.
Indian
So economists don’t get aphorisms?
Tell @ilSaggiatoreEd
What do you mean by "could not tell"?
They speak various Semitic dialects.
As a general rule, whenever your intuition conflicts with that of an economist, bet on your intuition.  Economists are reverse indicators: they are ~always wrong. pic.twitter.com/RCEoyT9bv6
Gazie Giulio. La prossima volta, il mome e Nassim Nicholas Taleb.
Ana lkétéb, fiyyé ghayyer l 7ékam.
In the process I am discovering that, because of the vowels é and o that don't exist in Arabic, the Latin (actually Phoenician) script is vastly more effective!  We need to set standards that match what pple use on social media.
Translating the Bed of Procrustes into Neo-Phoenician/Canaanite.  For comments pic.twitter.com/KRrVgsxjXz
You still aren't get it: the mere fact that you are missing orthogonality (as shown in piece above) means that everything you are relying upon is handwaving BS.  Pure handwaving BS.  But you need to know something about inference/statistical distance to get the insult.  Gabish?
You & your group proved clueless about science & inference: all your heuristics are patched up BS with the rigor of medieval medicine.
So the Judeans spoke Slavic BEFORE Hebrew? Where are the FALSE claims? Who are you bullshitting with your rules?
...and he claims SITG?
Not quite. Defining the problem by intersections is a lot of work. The rest is simple.
He means n=7, all integers
Did @DavMicRot say that "Assad gassed his own people"?
Wrote down the long logical conditions.  Same Latex.  Promise to read full problem before jumping. pic.twitter.com/PZLBEQesF0
Sorry! Thanks! Will redo
Mean=10,Median=9, Mode =7,Range=15 Unless you have a different definition of mode (highest frequency)
I think I found all the sequences pic.twitter.com/kih11wmMRC
Why did @republicofmath get so upset over this?
#FF Instead of enrolling in a boring math or probability class, follow MathTwitter, particularly Maestro Alexander Bogomolny @CutTheKnotMath
I treat my friends as temporary pre-enemies, my enemies as temporary pre-friends, and my post-friends as permanent enemies.
Squid ink pic.twitter.com/leuCdZ5Rtm
 pic.twitter.com/Won1VAbYvl
On  #WorldPressFreedomDay let us stand in solidarity with the journalists murdered, tortured, and imprisoned by the Trump administration.
We didn't break the mafia by reasoning w/its members.  Remember: you'll never break special intrsts, lobbies, journalistic monoculturists & academic rent seekers by convincing them, but  1) by exposing them, 2) working on their customers.  Accountability, put Skin in their game.
This is BS: we didn't break the mafia by "convincing them". Same with Big Ag and their lobbies.
Malfono lézém téktob bil7arf l latiné-Fini2é
No, it means debt went to the government.
(Side note: we can prove using this that f>=3.)
I don't see the same as Radon: Divides by a and b... The 3 variables is to have \sum_cycle x y ...
Maestro, interesting to try to figure out how this can be proved... We know it is true. Then make it 3 variables pic.twitter.com/RvyY36Cb6M
You get something strange when swapping denominators. pic.twitter.com/J6cwSDY3Ts
Better if you swapped the denominators. Will work on 2 variables, much simpler.
That kind of intuition. Cube is more convex than squares and > for x>1. pic.twitter.com/sXUYwg9fVs
Kakutani is unknown in UK.
3) Herodian etc. Are Arabists stupid? Most certainly. pic.twitter.com/ZiPw7rRtFP
2) Berytus was called Laodicea in Phoenice.  We had the 2 provinces  Phoenicia Maritima /Phoenicia Libanensis  Zaharias pic.twitter.com/D7GOj3byl4
Cube over square, Cube is more convex than square for x>1; one of the values had to be >=1 . Must be able to write it as Jensen. Intuition comes from working with ratios of moments of distributions.
Added a section to explain that Goldman Sachs survived for 149 years by explicitly avoiding SOME tail risks and taking a lot of other risks. pic.twitter.com/Qk2f7GG6Ai
 pic.twitter.com/hf7v9DK6bF
Thanks!
Does this work as proof? Should I write down full equation?
He is trying to wash his name in response to my "Bob Rubin Problem"
No, no, no. The problem is "belly fat" vs "stochastic high-variance accumulation of belly fat" Healthy to lose/put back (stressor)
Footnote in SKIN IN THE GAME, on how the Press will self-destruct because it is acting against its own public. pic.twitter.com/IG3KPCqWnc
Take-away from the Gawker episode: Most of the press sided w/Gawker vs citizens; citizens sided ag. Gawker.  Severe agency problem: Press working against citizens!  Agency Principle: doctor shd never side w/interests of his profession when they conflict w/those of patients.
Clearest here pic.twitter.com/kVuhgLYS3k
Seen from different angles pic.twitter.com/JmUaZyraQJ
First, a visual presentation of convexity and the minimum/maximum. pic.twitter.com/BLt0QFF3MR
Let me write up
0<x,y,z<3, x+y+z==3
The mere fact that you are defending this SINGLE episode ONCE shows you are morally disgusting and unfit for civilized society.  Scumbag.
You are denying my facts?
Mr Silverman, please explain.
 pic.twitter.com/D1QlrwpTJ3
Are you friends with George Kiraz?
The best take-away from @RyanHoliday's book: you will go nowhere signing a petition or writing Op-Eds.
Ms Alenaini I noticed as a Mediterranean that I don't respond to low-carb diets. I suspect there are genetic predispositions --unlike Northern Euro hunter gatherers.
The collective useable expertise of all the people at the WH correspondent's dinner is lower than what you find in a single plumber, pastry chef, railroad engineer, or car mechanic with mufflers & exhaust systems subspecialty.  #skininthegame pic.twitter.com/s86LasFoGc
In Arabic, "never" means soon. It is "soon" that you have to worry about.
If you are already 60, then life expectancy should be an extra 3-7 years.
Saudis are 25% Levantine. The flow went the other way. But not Yemen, Oman, UAE.
When will Syrians stop self-defining themselves as "Arabs"?
You mean it is the word the Arabic speakers call intelligible? Exactly circular to mean Arabic=language of the Arabs.
Will post a short video to add to conversation if you wish. cc:@tylercowen
you guess
This summarizes my entire message.  Reflects what every risk taker with skin in the game will tell you.  The exact opposite of the logic of BS vendors such as intrusive nudgeboys @R_Thaler, @CassSunstein & other klueless academic rent seekers.  cc:@ole_b_peters pic.twitter.com/eOi92xeaKH
They are inexpensive to track.
Have enemies; but make sure that they think about you much, much more than you think about them.
Not really. Mostly Anatolian.
Shu ra2yak bil ma2al, Amine?
You speak an Arabic highly influenced by Levantine. It is not the 12th C Hijazi dialect.
AMir, I am working with Zalloua and other geneticists. Why can't you think before tweeting advice?
No
Amir, you are not so stupid. I am a statistician & I do genetic distance.
Who was harsh? 😄
It is NOT Levantine "Arabic", for Eshmun's sake!!!
Je vais chercher! Les Babyloniens avaient des vestales. Dans Gilgamesh il y a une prostituée sacrée qui transforme son ami.
Alicia doesn't know who you are. Can you write and refer to this tweet? Thx
I am very very concerned because I have Med genes hence coevolved with olive oil, wine, and hills.
Hi, Can you tell us something about olive oil?
So it is n/4
Changes risk profile
I have no trouble with someone using Patreon, like @GadSaad. I have trouble someone making $100K a month from Patreon. If a government official was paid $5 million...
Ellie, I was on Russian TV 2x. Both times I was very, very critical of the regime's centralization policy. They posted them both as they were.
I block pple who psychobullshit. Gabish?
Monte Carlo pic.twitter.com/HOr71QsPVy
There are so many hills in my village that people need to be extrafit to climb them. Few can make them today: people now drive 300 yards.
Distinguish betw assistants and specific aids (accountants, trade-checking and inventory clercs ), etc.
The Catholic church started with the Roman Republic
4) I do not derive my income from some philantropy or Paltreon where I have to act inspirational & suck up to a crowd of followers cutting me a charity check. I derive my income from financial & business activites in the real world.  I don't owe nothing to nobody.
Socrates, Wittgenstein, Descartes,  ...  This idiot doesn't get that "agreeableness" is something you do in social life, not a scientific criterion.
I would say for 1) be a statistically minded.
Explain to me the rationale for not selling your children.
Was never $2b in total. pic.twitter.com/p6VegATEZ1
You don't get it. Principles mean no such trade offs. You don't kill your children for $1, you don't discuss killing them for $1 billion. Gabish?
What is a patreon?
Added the 3 then 5 case pic.twitter.com/yulqfq81Qh
Hill climbing!
Basically those who don’t know anything about Syria, like @jordanbpeterson, shd STFU
Nor really. The idea is to increase dimensionality
It is now in the acknowledgment! Next printing.
No.
Done. There were other sources, but credit is due.
The above just picks 5 without the first 3. Will adjust. But, boy, it was tiring.
I misread. just did 5.
Same except pro-market redistribution through skin-in-the-game risk taking.
Imbecile.
Ignore, just integers <= Floor[n/5]
Now, in a modern framework, there is no justification for the asymmetry.  Except one needs to stay vigilant abt obsessive weirdos.
DECISION THEORY DUJOUR Very rational to react more to negative than positive comments,for the same reason one shd react more to losses than profits: RUIN AVERSION  Someone who hates you can kill you, so in a physical environment the emotiononal asymmetry is good risk management
And @DrCirillo
Like Gabagool?
@PZalloua is coming
We will tweet-storm then as it had  ... unexpected topics!
You cannot BS people for too long, Mr Lynas.
Then Latex coming pic.twitter.com/TXp9TwQ5Yt
Maestro, for an arithmetic progression, do you need CONSTANT differences? pic.twitter.com/62UdUxV7fE
Will be there this summer
And the lazy man approximations (2 interpretations) pic.twitter.com/krVANEeAzE
10 In #Antifragile I document the confusion Business =>Technology => Science, far far far far more frequent than the reverse.  Problem is that academic, not practitioners, write the books.
9) Remember that the "University" system for this "liberal education" (trivium/quadrivium) was historically closely associated with, and supervised by, the Church.  Technical education was left to free thinkers.
They write poetry
7) Finally, we can split education:  + Taught by nonskininthegame people (math, poetry, etc.)  + Taught by skininthegame people (engineering, medicine, belly dancing, plumbing, finance, law, burglarizing, computer "science", accounting, ...)  In SEPARATE institutions.
6) The educational model is now imploding as the only thing people seem to learn at colleges is ideology by losers who became professors because they aren't good enough to create things & got together to BS in a citation ring  #RentSeekers (not just in economics, but everywhere)
5b) The French solved the problem with knowledge exams for educators ("aggregation"); you never end up having people judged solely by peers (See #SkininTheGame ).  (Same problems: "know economics" is interpreted as knowing theories by economists, not economic facts).
5a) The problem of the peer review system is selecting professors on theories abt subject never checked for basic knowledge of subject. It is common for people to know the "post colonial gender theory" of Levant, teach it, but never the actual facts.
4) So we need to separate "things to learn to be civilized" and "things you learn to do things" with separate institutions.  The only overlap I could find was mathematics, though not a strong argument since applied math is a v. different animal.
3) The Anglo-Saxon world conflated the two, with aristocrat-envy:   + Education to be civilized. (Literature, philosophy, poetry, abstract math, history, stamp collecting, etc.)  + Education to learn to do things. (Engineering, medicine, accounting, law, belly dancing, plumbing)
2) For instance, mathematics as taught for "liberal" education, was theoretical mind exercise. Euclid's theorem was never used in building.  Meanwhile builders (parts of guilds with trade secrets) were using their own heuristic, richer, geometry. (see #Antifragile)
EDUCATION. Distilling the conversation with @bryan_caplan hosted by @tylercowen  1) There has been a traditional separation between:     + "liberal education" for free men, (liber), who didn't work for a living, &       +"technical education", for those who labor.
You mean a basic misunderstanding of probability, or, like you, on the payroll of Bayer? Aren't you ashamed of plugging your employer's line while talking about "science"?
Depends how you count the sequences. 1-3-5-3-1 are  3-5 then 5-3-1 or 3-5 then 3-1 A difference of 1 makes is 2/3
You mean "ruin aversion"
 pic.twitter.com/wkBqJnsRmZ
A "run" is 2 or more consecutive assending or descending numbers?
Who are you bullshitting?
So went from position that fear of Monsanto=conspiracy theory to accepting that Monsanto commits scientific fraud, except not with his direct friends.  Miller=Fellow traveler: same advocacy, same owners, same twitter cluster.    Who are you bullshitting?
The point is NOT that you can give >1 reasons, the point is that you need more than 1 reason.   Gabish?
KELLY  CRITERION My lecktchur notes to students.  Thanks to @ole_b_peters who showed how stoooooopid decision theorists have been not getting time vs/ ensemble returns. pic.twitter.com/YflQZF4mUB
This is a beautiful mathematical problem! If we know the distribution of the clustering, we can get a clean result.
This is from Reich(2018): something about splicing I don’t get. Does it mean one only inherits clusters of DNA? Otherwise to exclude an ancestor would be very low probability. Is this 47+71 an average or a stochastic quantity?  cc: @trishankkarthik also noticed. pic.twitter.com/286p1x5hAH
@danieldennett reminds me of the IYI Arabists secularists in Syria & Iraq who, in 1934, predicted that religion (particularly Islam) would be a thing of the past by 1960; then in 1960, predicted that it would be gone by 1990, then again before Sept 11, predicted...
How is the saying in Turkish?
Where do you donate?
 pic.twitter.com/6djrYoBRFL
Halla2 el 7 s2aret x?
Bel lébnéné
3) Knowledge entails seeing signal from noise. You don’t get that with promiscuous reading.
1) Today is #BookDay. Remember         The opposite of reading is not not reading, but reading something like @NewYorker  (& books in its style)  2) Critical reasoning, the ability to spot logical inconsistencies, degrades w/promiscuous reading.  Choose carefully and read little.
If I blocked you, it is because you are stupid, rather than because you disagreed with me.   Gabish?
2) Unless the person is a risk taker, the higher up in any organization, the more you can dispense with him/her.  If the nonentrepreneur CEO of [name your company] did not exist, the world would be the same. Or better.
I woke with this conclusion from  Skin in the Game:  1) Things work thanks to a handful of people;  the rest operates by situational imitation, narrow mimicry, and semi-conscious role-playing.
Before the recent age.
Before
Subimbecile LEVEN, nobody is using Lindy in the ethical domain. SubImbecile!!!
Actually sub-imbecile @booksandbooze_ doesn't get that defending grandmother ag Sunstein-style psycholophasters is not because "conservative" but because one prefers nonBS to BS., or prefers what works (w/high STATISTICAL SIGNIFICANCE) to what fails. This is called SCIENTIFIC.
Effective. You can use bots for that.
Under the glorious Third Republic, the French gov's share was 9% of GDP. Today it is ~60% 1 in 12 workers are now civil servants. pic.twitter.com/5NUcZMRoQx
Do you think the Russians interfered in the elections in Saudi Arabia?
I guess you are aware that you are an instructor
Point is that it does not test for OTHER stuff animals eat
Yes, please.
Just for fun just got the distribution of  sum of x^1/p working on the ratio of \sum( x_i^{1/p}) /\sum(x_i) pic.twitter.com/wcIXbJwWOa
Explanation TK
You can get better. I just replied to Alicia.
Some don't. In fact they some my logical mistakes.
It takes bet 45 minutes & a week to convince a smart person that GMOs are an intellectual fraud, not science but scientism, that supporters are not "skeptics" but shills, etc.  Takes only 30 seconds to convince a computer scientist. Just mention P/NP and they get it instantly.
They are obligated to do so.
Indeed, but you need to get the data for the others from some genetics database. Don't know if there is any open one.
Ms Saltzman, it is a sign of severe intellectual backwardness to use "isms" for whatever trait you don't like.
...who were, like the Greek, Anatolians with Neolithic Iranian farmers.
Absolute total BS.
In fact I tend to block people who give unsollicited advice, make logical mistakes, or represent Monsanto/Saudi Barbaria, rarely those who attack me.
Read it as "exhibition of children" with sous-endendu a negative tone.
I agree there is some corruption of the term for effect. But, again drifts occur for every Graeco-Roman term.
2) People using such services as @23andMe me for autosomal DNA get percentages (23% this, 10% that, etc.)  This is BS: you need to look at INDEPENDENT categories, as in the map above, and look at distance from clusters.
Speculation Du Jour: Genetic distance on PCA  Distance on PCA, when small, does not reflect difference in traits, only the rate of inbreeding from period >the Bronze age.  When large, disproportional difference in traits.  A better measure is differential entropy. @PZalloua pic.twitter.com/dsjUs1iEmL
2) In a rational society, pedophrasty should be a powerful tag, at par with "racism" and "sexism" pic.twitter.com/nlTOal9f1E
In preparation
Come to RWRI
Lebanese Shiites, Sunnis, and Christians are closest to Greeks, Turks, Georgians, and Iranians.  Practically nothing Arab: 5 times closer to Iranians than Saudis (metric: differential entropy).
A beautiful derivation by Geary in 1936 of the ratio \sqrt E(X^2)/E[|X|], using polar transformation; method works for p=½ (my notation). pic.twitter.com/aOIseaT8k4
Very wrong
Where I discover that Benjamin Ferensz and I have been sharing the same Calabrese  barbers for 25 years. He is about to turn 100 and speaks Italian! He actually jokes in Italian. pic.twitter.com/Rn8C2VmcA2
Exception: Tunisia, Lybia (in parts) and Egypt  Not Algeria Morrc, etc.
No peninsular Arabs neither there nor the coastal Levant
No, France was not centralized until recently... too diverse, and central gov was <10% GDP until late in its history.
OK, OK, Antifragile.
Mehdi, will all respect, your article is flawed & reposes on a fundamental fallacy that scissors are composed of 2 separate parts.
My original problem has 1/p exponent, p>1. In this case like p->0, the norm would ->n
The idea that p>1 makes it concave, the inequality would not be inherited in "corners" (say 1 and 9 vs 4 and 5), and the probability distribution could be pulled from that.
In a centralized system, it takes very, very little money to control government. I am not surprised to see how little money lobbyists make compared to the control they exert over Yuuuge decisions.  #localism pic.twitter.com/wUMNKbK6Ss
A monoculture (such as the one we have in Saudi Barbaria financed lobbies) will produce logical inconsistencies. pic.twitter.com/v33hXvruJP
Indeed JK Rowling is an insult to logical inference. pic.twitter.com/CW4E9HPCYc
I am allergic to false accusations.
You made it look like they never replied.  Who are you fooling?
“ In 2015, I asked where to get the style and never got a reply from Wolfram. “  Who are you bullsh**ing?
Brute force. We must be able to pull out the distribution looking at the failures. pic.twitter.com/cKKEeNXhQC
The Heuristics and Biases tradition does not need this loss aversion stuff (complicated for tail events/dynamics). Its main subject is errors of judgment facing uncertain events: their catalogue works well for non-tails.
Restarting: pic.twitter.com/z1OPhGEzlP
n too small for a low probability event
HR doesn't predict so much as 1) an elevated one raises all cause mortality (nonlinear), 2) variability is more predictive (speed of reaction and relaxation).
QUIZ Let a be a random positive integers, uniform on [0,H], and b independent unifom integer on [a,H]. H is an integer. What is the probability that a^1/p +b^1/p >a+b, using to start H=10 and p=2?
No. For 1 unit, yes, not for a dynamic ensemble.
Actually, 1.4% We must crack the probability distribution pic.twitter.com/YJ25LgrvXL
And <2% of cases here fail in Monte Carlo of 10^6 There may be a statistical distribution. A nice quiz. pic.twitter.com/3I7MUI5yu0
This is actually strange. It is incorrect, but there is a p for which it seems to hold.
With p>1?
@CutTheKnotMath  Maestro, do you known where/if this Norm inequality has been proved? pic.twitter.com/GSEFJ4McJt
DISCUSSION THREAD: Heart Attack Rate for Sprinters  Friends, looking for data/papers/other on heart attacks by sprinters vs Marathon runners. Needs to be age-adjusted, properly controlled, etc.  cc:@GuruAnaerobic @drjasonfung @trishankkarthik
The type of thing we watch for when we write papers and articles.  Ms @juliamacfarlane make sure you read the ethics guidelines before discussing @KarlreMarks pic.twitter.com/Tiou7VEuoq
As a journalist, did you get any ethical training?
Notice plagiarist @KarlreMarks uses "he is so eager for intellectual validation", a sentence that applies everywhere: a nonplagiarist would not have tried something of the sort, rather: sorry I didn't notice, it is coincidental, etc.  Step 2: they downplay plagiarism...
Blocked the idiot: we have an academic specific definition, and journalism has been very clear on the definitions since the suspension of Fareed Zakaria at Time Mag.
You don't get it. You're an idiot.
That’s what plagiarists use as first defense.
No problem feel free to quote
Nadim, my friend, it can be that your followers have some reasoning deficits or frontal lobe problems (common to journalists); my followers usually tend to detect sophistry.
2) Further, @paulmromer,  answers on both sides could have been lost in spam folders; it is unrigorous to generalize from 1 piece of correspondence. (I for my part have never had an inquiry w/ them that went unanswered). But using it part of rant over private vs public...
 pic.twitter.com/x59OgtNQRG
@Lokapenos, I know you are a reasonable man & rigorous debater (and well-read historian). You are wasting time engaging @Confusezeus 's circular & substance free statements.
Information gains from attempts to repress it.  I was neutral to info by Robert Fisk but not neutral to attempts to smear him.  The more hyperactivity & anger against him, the more likely his info to be true... #Antifragile
Nadim, please don't use big words out of context.
And you are automatically assuming that his info is misleading ...   imbecile!
Nadim, you should take an elementary course in science, any science, any department. I will pay the tuition.
f[1/x]=-f[x] for f[x]=\log[x]. Integrating by parts we get \pi/8 The point is proving uniqueness.
What I got from you is that optimizing over time eliminates absorbing barriers.
The problem is ...RISK We face a lot of risk from using bogus models made by psychologists who find "biases" where there is prudence.
In Skin in the Game:    ...risk aversion, or something even more foolish, "loss aversion" pic.twitter.com/u6s83iDKKt
Anachronisms will have an entry
Enmity can flip twice; friendship only once.
Enmity can reverse twice, friendship only once.
Disagree. It was because people wrote religion acccording to its script. Serb/Croatian, Urdu/Hindi, Russian/Polish, Garshuni/Arabic
Ligha Mayyté mush lighghetna
I need your name for credit
Haya la2anno ma fi “o” bil3arabe, bass fi “ou”
هيدا منوا الحرف العبري بس الحرف الارامي-كنعاني. اهين الواحد يكتببوا من الحرف العربي
SOrry will correct the spelling to double s.
A preliminary glossary of counteraccusations, to fend of accusatory propaganda such as "racist" in situations where it is not warranted, and similar matters. pic.twitter.com/EU4sDFQbvy
 pic.twitter.com/mKcwKdsVOx
No, he was obsessed with standing
Voila pic.twitter.com/RWoNrFd1TN
CHF US
Soon to come @WolframResearch
The definitions are still at the end, with the derivations because I inverted the order, and bobody noticed.
Of course.
One byproduct of inequality: socially confident scholars who didn't care abt their reputation: Wittgenstein, B. Russell, Darwin (mostly Erasmus), Galton, De Broglie, etc.   I've never met any scholar who, like Wittgenstein, didn't give a flying f**ck abt his/her standing.
4) A powerful one would be "Nabothizing", as Naboth was the victim of false accusation by Jezebel, or something of the sort.  (Incidentally my real family name is Naboth;  Taleb Nabout was my gr-gr-gr-gr-gr-grndfather) but the Leb state cut off Nabout in 1923 to simplifity.)
2) The idea is that if someone accuses you of something, you spend your time explaining why you are not what you are being accused of. Instead, fire back with a worse accusation, so it is the accuser who now has to defend himself...
2) We BADLY need such word and make it as SEVERE as the accusation itself -a first step towards penalty.  Recall that in Babylon a false accusation was punished as if the accuser committed the crime.
We need a word for the misuse of the accusation of "racism" or "chauvinism" to exploit the power of such label in situations where the accusation is not warranted.  Accuser: "This is racist" Answer: "This is the xxxxxx fallacy (or fraud)"  GraecoLatin Words are powerful.
Give to people you know.
Great. Who?
Need paedi in it
Why philo? Why not Epi?
How about Epipedidexation? A single word you can use in a debate to fend off an accusation with another one. “You are supporting a baby-killer” Answer: “This is shoddy epipedidexation!” Any better word?
Was thinking of χειρισμός
I love it! I was looking for something to add to Paidi/Pedi
Then point is that there is a BIAS. Decision should be made WITHOUT such appendage.  Gabish?
Idiot Aaronovich is commenting on a book he hasn't read.  I like to cause emotional distress on the part of dangerous neo-cons.
The mental defects of the neo-cons, from Skin In The Game pic.twitter.com/NUEug0xVqP
The point is that Uber drivers do not cause global harm when they are wrong and have skin in the game. Ulike you  Are you so stupid to not get it? Imbecile.
Some background: among other things, IYI @DAaronovitch was a stauch advocate of the Iraq war (&WMDs).  This imbecile is still making pronoucements instead of working as an Uber driver in the London suburbs.
Last night the regime of Saudi Barbaria struck Syria, using its three most faithful agents.
I disagree. Very clear and open. This is peer-review not trading.
Many
They are klueless.
 pic.twitter.com/aj2DlQyveM
Yes, downstream from J-P58 (J1e). Jandalis are interesting because of Emesa.
Hi, The Jandalis haplogroup if possible. The Hashemites are well known. Thanks
You cannot be both soldier and judge.
In Yemen? Or Mossul? Or Gaza?
A serious problem in the way IYIs (Intellectuals Yet Idiots)  frame Syria. They talk about Assad w/o comparing his to the rebels -or as if the rebels were Mother Theresa. They also fail to think in dynamics (what happens after?).   #Idiots
You are conflating etymology and semantics.
You are not getting the point. It is about grouping SubSahara and >Sahara as same ecosystem.
Marcella, block imbeciles Friday morning.
Latex to come pic.twitter.com/riEfPvFCZO
Problem with 23&me and others is that they do not break down the autosomal into independent components. Their categories overlap & aren't distance based. Plus they conflate Greater Anatolia and Middle East. Will do a technical comment soon.
The Orthodox in the North, in my sample, are >50% J2, unlike South of Beirut.
BTW J1 in Leb is rarely J1e ("Semitic" language)
When you define yourself as "localist", nobody frames you in the "partisan" box; both the "left" & the "right" take you for one of them.  The only people in favor of centralization are lobbyists, bureaucrats, & DC parasites.  Yet the world is centralizing.
Historians are victims of framing.  Malta, Sicily, & Lampedusa, Med islands, are part of "Europe" not "Africa" because...they are Christian. Had they stayed w/Arabs a bit longer, they would now be "African".  Had Tunisia/Algeria stayed Christian, "North Africa" wd be "South Med".
Maybe @ggreenwald a real, trusted, truth seeker should get involved in this contest.   cc:@GhassanDahhan
@iosif_lazaridis is a big player in that story.
“Tawk”. always tawk.
I am seriously considering.
You bet!
I mean 1
Not the message they are trying to convey.
Voila. LaTeX? pic.twitter.com/aoZjt5nTnC
In other words, The SouthMed is an extension of Western Eurasia. The naming of continents is arbitrary "Africa" meant Tunisia in Latin.  From the magisteria Reich (2018) pic.twitter.com/3DqvTnPuKm
NonGabish the #159
Here is the graph of Maximum/Sum showing the imprint of an infinite mean. pic.twitter.com/M3vwVPeaOG
He interviewed me but the interview has not yet aired.
Voltaire? He was (probably) the wealthiest person in Europe; and a self- made man. A true Fat Tony.
Or use Max to Sum plot for p^th moment  cc: @DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/H0zodZSh90
Mike is good. Very good.
You need to think a bit more before tweeting.  The point is that if someone is both incompetent AND arrogant, he would be called incompetent.
IMBECILE. My ancestor was the founder of the Mutasarrifya of Lebanon in 1863.  IMBECILE.
See Reich: Northern Europe  is a mixture of 4 groups:  Steppes HG NE HG Levantine farmers Iranian farmers
And in Arabic, the "Arabian Sea" was called the Green Sea.  Compatible with: Black=North Green=East White=West Red=South pic.twitter.com/ImaEdhHsef
Eyes and hair, not skin color.
You don't get it: I am NOT saying that abt Talleyrand.
Philology du jour, chromonaming:  In Turkish, the Med is Akdeniz (Ottoman: Bahr-i-Sefid) (WHITE Sea), BLACK & RED Seas are Kara Deniz& Kızıl Deniz. Old Arabic name was "Ba7r El Abyad"( White sea), then "ba7r erRum" now "Mutawassit").  How did the color designations come abt?
Not really: the light skin color came from farmers in Anatolia/Fertile Crescent.
Full derivations pic.twitter.com/RxnSwkCfT0
 pic.twitter.com/95HVlIFtyI
ERRATUM (Skin in the Game)  Copyeditors can change the meaning of your text "to make it better", and in a way that escapes your notice. pic.twitter.com/YH7oGe4WHz
Korrecshion! (1,0), or (9,10) for p=14/19 pic.twitter.com/rGbSosruyD
Happy Resurrection! pic.twitter.com/cCo9361xeG
Re-birth
Roman temple (another) 3.9 miles from Amioun on Google Maps. (3ayn 3ikrin) pic.twitter.com/HkKJc88Y4e
Can you put 0? Otherwise it is 1. pic.twitter.com/vWC5Zb1PPN
I was with one of the authors 30 min ago. He confirmed that both Phoenicians/Canaanites and Greeks are Anatolians with narrow genetic distance, which did confuse matters... Came in late Neolithic.
E[g(x)] ≠ g[E(x)]
Orthodoxy is alive in Phoenicia.   Greek Orthodox Good Friday: I had to stand outside as all churches in Amioun were full, with crowds outside. pic.twitter.com/JFzB3qCn73
No.
Actually now they use "Western Eurasian" based on PCA
Yes, only one angle.
On the way back, discovered a narrow road behind my house; never knew it existed. pic.twitter.com/gs53OYtdGo
@CutTheKnotMath  How about that problem? pic.twitter.com/d8R7outZLy
From Reich's book: there are advantages to being of short height in an agricultural society, & tall in a hunting one. pic.twitter.com/8ifPnroG0k
NonMeds.
So that height privilege needs more testing to see if it applies to Northern Eurasia, not the Mediterranean.
I am not
You don't get it: I don't debate idiots.   Gabish?
Aside from the nitpicking, one has to be truly clueless abt probability to make plays off small sample problems.
You can tell a 3rd rate mind like Adam Kucharski from nitpicking with one of the 6 classes of ambiguous inferential problems.
Actually, not really. The difference in "approaches" are definitions of what is the random variable: random radius != random length. Because of a nonlinear transf, they NECESSARILY have diff proba dist.  We encounter it with the 2 country paradox.
BS
I think that poor author @josephinequinn also fails an elementary inferential problem: if Phoenicians have very little docs extant, how can we figure out how they defined themselves? So the claim is abt sample size & nothing else.  Elementary probabilistic reasoning
Jet Lag in Phoenicia. So 2nd method. pic.twitter.com/6p20tJy4NL
I notices I blocked this @batrouni, which means the system works well in detecting sophistry.
2) So according to Arabists, HL Gates is "racist" for being interested in ancestry. pic.twitter.com/b1Pri0bs8F
1) Low-IQ-Arabists trying to smear as "racist" minorities who don't identify w/Arabism  Clueless:  +Not being an Arab doesn't mean superior or inferior  +Arabists started the narrative of descent from Arab tribes  + African-Americans interested in their roots are now...racist?
Voila. Latex? pic.twitter.com/xRbA3CwqbL
Vegan kebbe made with herbs for Orthodox holy week. pic.twitter.com/tVQnX7Idty
Life is much, much easier when you treat all humans as flawed and imperfect, but flawed in quite different ways.
Ixsir (sorry I had wine)
Izair Winery in Northern Canaan, 14.1 miles from Amioun on Google Maps. pic.twitter.com/jfltrKSp39
No, because they were their own units under the Ottomans. Aleppo and Mosul were the prototypes of MULTIethnic units. Are you voluntarily blind to reality?   @LinaArabii
You seem totally deluded into your buzzwords. Decentralization !=NOT Ethnostates, but self-governance.
Anyway there is a convergence betw Maronites and Syrian Nat. with Canaanitism that is more natural (replace Syria with Western Syria and it ties together all autochtonous minorities).
It is highly inconsistent to talk about "Western" and BLATANTLY ignore Ottoman and Arab imperialism.
Same with Italy. At least 7 differentiated languages.
Cultural amnesia forced after Napoleon. The eradication of Provencal was done by Jules Ferry. Only succeeded recently.
I agree. France is at least 5 distinct regions. Remember that Nice is where Garribaldi is from.
Mr Greaves, I systematically block people who use labels not reasoning, false analogies and exhibit defects in thinking and empirical representation --in other words babbling idiots -- even if they do not interact with me. Gabish?
The problem isn't colonialism but creation of nation states that are larger than they should have been/were in the past. Mosul, Aleppo should have been their own states.
Imbecilic reading of history
Correction: it wasn't Vox but Aeon magazine.  Note 1: "France" is a nation with 17 languages because it was the territory of the king, not Phoenicia because they were city-states.  Note 2: Phoenician writings have been destroyed; historians don't get SAMPLING BIAS.  #Klueless
Lina, while I agree with you in many things, and on the gist of this point, there was NO significant French colonialism in the Levant. No settlements as with Algeria. Mandate for 22 y. The relations were betw. Christians & French via trade and education during the Ottoman Empire.
That you are linking this confirms that you Marijn van Putten, are clueless.
This is BS.
Very convincing that Arabist “linguists” like this imbecile van Putten are pseudoscientists.
Holy week in Greek Orthodox Phoenicia: vegan food, arak, and  rose wine. pic.twitter.com/z2i3NKRfeg
Franck he is BSing I live partly in Phoenicia.
If Fat Tony got on some diet (say w/beeds & Brus sprouts/miso soup, thatkindofstuff),  & became the "Formerly Fat Tony" (or Formerly Horizontally Challenged Tony), would he lose his charm, persona, etc.?  In other words would the thin, "Formerly Fat Tony" still be "Fat Tony"?
This is not a solution (I cheat) but an illustration of special functions pic.twitter.com/uzyAnYKqCO
I am not on Quora.
What’s so “Lebanese” about an Arabist like you?
Like Orthodox Chanting pic.twitter.com/LAw8Bua91A
With 4 Armenians.
Khachapuri in Tbilisi pic.twitter.com/0ipmhY7lSz
You don’t need no sensor: pulse for 6 secs multiply by 10.
Georgia was part of Antioch, then Moscow. And happy Palm Sunday! pic.twitter.com/1mkH99JvRa
The trick is to exercise very little but intensely. If doubling your heartbeat for 10 min has the effect of lowering the base rate... trivial
@petelx60
You should return it...in which country are you?
Actually, not Zoroastrian. Must be Nestorian or ancient Pagan.
You are arguing with an imbecile, Ole.
Do you have a daf yomi?
Hag sameach let’s discuss after.
Tbilisi: Signs in Georgian and English; people speak Georgian and Russian.
Pray, more details.
It took 31 hours to get here, 15 of which were spent in Moscow airport and 5 in JFK in beauteous Queens, State of NY.
Yes that adds to the differences
 pic.twitter.com/HMKKrqDWP7
No Reich says there is none.
I stay out of fights between journos.
Reich manages to make it politically correct by enlisting HL Gates! The key might be Neanderthals and Denissovans. Also Reich puts North Africa as part of Western Asia owing to the Sahara barrier.
I mean you can detect who feels rich based on how much they talk about money.
hu ha3ashir samea7 b7alko
The definition of wealth is thought to be relative, proportional to neighbors, or one's aims, etc.  No:             Is wealthy he or she who doesn't  talk about money.
Actually offer to buy X based on expectation. 1rst not zero(e)th moment/
Yes.
Unless you state an inequality.
Chartwell Speakers, can you IMMEDIATELY remove me as a speaker from your page?  This is despicable, putting people's bio as if you represented them. I am not a lecture bureau commodity.   @Chartwell_Ideas
Had I transited in Rome, Fibonacci would have been the approach.  Latex?
Transiting in Moscow, so Markov Chain is necessary. pic.twitter.com/mqQYR5427y
On a long flight to Tbilisi, a new book that opens the new science. pic.twitter.com/BUOcIL2tTA
You meant “incentive”?
So you "discovered" the idea in 2017?
First I know  nothing about Ezra Klein. Any reason I shd not like his work?
Depends if VWAP or not . Yuuuge difference.
Asset prices have intraday positive autocorrelation (from bid-offer)
Normal... Let me try to show why... later
L'7ayét wa2fét 3izz
No
It is the opposite of:        religions avoiding to pronounce some holy words spelled out in full on the page.  There is a demarcation between the holy and the profane, or the more or less holy and the profane.
Ms Goddin,  It is very, very silly to use the criterion of silliness for aesthetics.  Gabish?
This is a sketch of the proof. I can do the proof via Lagrange multipliers. pic.twitter.com/QZaS9jx86n
Described by whom? Sumer => semer; was she called samra?
Which airport? Phoenicia?
I started with AM-GM but don't see where needed.  1+1/a_i >1, for all i, so we replace 1+1/a_i by 1+n as minimum value for the product, and the result is immediate.
Latin
I can LaTeXit if you want. pic.twitter.com/rA5Y9ct5XZ
4) This is another example where pathologizing mental accounting by the Uberklueless and Verbiagiastic Richard Thaler @r_thaler fails: his model considers such path dependent strategies irrational.
3) The general principle #Antifragile is that when the payoff is bigger or you have your back to the wall you go for maximum variance (convexity). When the downside is bigger you go for minimum variance.  Why explains why winning teams mark time and losing teams take risks.
Mr Messinger, can you remove my handle when you psychobullshit or I block you?
2019.
In reverse order. Or start with Antifragile.
2) Here is my solution, will generalize showing results across all regimes.  Convexity (optionality) beats skills.  Any time.  #Antifragile @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/C1rBKtmIHW
Most amusing particularly that one of the coauthors went to the same rue d’Ulm.
Nice argument
Partly.
Great. Where did you get it from?
The opposite of education isn't ignorance but miseducation.
To summarize in 2 lines: pic.twitter.com/FMLJCOds86
Ok, don’t stand outside then.
This is clearer. I can prove algebraically by semi-transformation. pic.twitter.com/acgYRobYgq
Visual snapshot, I get 2. It is perfetly symmetric around 6 (and int_4^8 1 dx=4,, so we can play with Young's identify). pic.twitter.com/8GExIGpwYw
Stand outside.
From Greek!
Darius, ignore these cranks. I was discussing Lebanon, not the Levant; and not the Southern Levant.
Nothing wrong abt dismissing someone as a fool or a bulls***ter, i.e., not solid, not reliable in reasoning & conversation.  But when someone's viewpoint escapes a psychologist's logic, he will impart some psychological cause to the divergence.
Here are genes today. Used EuroMed as equivalent to "Western Eurasia". The mixing with Subsaharan only took place recently (Egypt, Morocco). David Brooks is effectively klueeless. pic.twitter.com/C77TicmlMY
I will be in Georgia and Phoenicia until April 9.
I shd have flown to Montreal for the occasion cc:@MichaelSagnerMD
Berbers then looked like Italians today.
No. More like an Iberian.
Someone at dinner just asked me to define a “dictator”.   Someone who doesn’t buy weapons from your government.
N=1 works for these things.
Provide evidence for evolution...
All!
Yes, academics under adult supervision, not under some circular peer-review system. Point is that contact with reality is the only discipline.
You are my guest.
Are you at the Mirador de san nicolas?
This is a straightforward dynamic programming problem. I will write up: working backwards from the end payoff you get *aggressive if losing or equal*, *conservative if winning* as the dominant strategy.  The fact that ONLY 1 of the players can switch strategy is central.
You mean lecktchur?
Actually high-variance thin-tailed so far.
back in NY it was a short stop.
Je vois, c'est le meme en Araméen? pic.twitter.com/3FbpJ2rnDj
Out understanding of history would be much, much improved if "North Africa" was called "South Med" instead.  Too many people think in words.
Typo:  יישר כוח no?
Happy birthday.
BS vendors usually write popular science/philosophy books, those that tell people what they want to hear.  Non BS vendors write anti-popular science/philosophy, those that disturb the maximum number of people.
Unpopular book here means the book should disturb a certain number of people.
Ramp is the generator of konveksity.
3rd week on bestseller list.
BS vendors usually write popular science/philosophy books.  Non BS vendors write unpopular science/philosophy.
JPL lecktchur on Antifragility and Konveksity, in 9 min. pic.twitter.com/E9tU0C17iK
Thanks.... But Meanwhile I hate this picture!
Dear Dalia, I am sending you a DM for the details; please accept my most sincere condolences.
Ended up hiking with @stephen_wolfram (& others at Bezos' #Mars2018),  in the snow on a steep mountain wearing flaneuring shoes (Italian moccasins without socks). pic.twitter.com/6OkwKrS3e2
Yes but the function extrapolates! And there is a trick to parametrize your training!
2) You cannot get the open butterfly with sum of sigmoidal functions (they are closed at the ends), but you can with ramp functions.  In other words, neural nets can now capture tails of distributions!
This imbecile is repeating Saudi propaganda. Block him.
1) Some thoughts from the Bezos  #MARS2018 conference. Why Machine learning methods are very intuitive for option traders. Captures functions better than sigmoids (binaries). pic.twitter.com/OVUYfLH235
The theorem by Dubins & Savage: How to Gamble if You Must.
Sorely missed.
Epilogue: surprise! I run into @stephen_wolfram at the @amazon.com outing an hour later pic.twitter.com/iwk6CFgQRw
No
Very bad unless you start your own sect.
I deny this nemesis is my creation for effect. Too much of a loser.
Anne is good. Very good.
No
Advice given to any young person:  "I can't tell you what to do. I can tell who what I've done. I've instinctively never gotten into a zero-sum business, such as academia, sports, bureaucracy, etc. The mark of a zero-sum business is hierarchy."  (Academia is a quarter position.)
Antifragile!
Where?
Now I see what's happening: it is always unethical to transform someone's ideas because you dislike him.
Vahid, I guess from your feed you are getting SITG wrong. It is necessary but not sufficient, like all ethical rules.
Yes so simply xx+yy<1 hence pi/4
It is overkill to use an integral when there is a semi/quarter circle
 pic.twitter.com/5hRWEWwni0
Plus or minus the usual 1/2
Kill time on plane, thank you @stephen_wolfram pic.twitter.com/TO8vNktG3u
WTF you made my skin brown? Do you want me to report to twitter?
It is like saying arithmetic is inadequate to do engineering.
No.
Since you are fixing one angle...
Lewis Caroll! Hence some semi-circle distribution.
You can generalize to any digit using k in place of 9/10 .
For instance, for a linear payoff, if you predict an event priced at 1% probability, you can be wrong 99% of the time.  For the same probability w/ a convex payoff, you can be wrong 999 times out of 1000 and still do very well.
2) In other words, the predictions that matter are those with a large payoff and little costs.   If you predict what other people are predicting, you get nothing (but a nice paper track record). Monoculture works for blabbering academics, not traders & people in the real world.
A prediction is wrong only if it costs you something. A prediction is right only if it makes you something. The rest is tawk.  #skininthegame.
40 grams?
This was with spelt.  Works.
Round. This was spelt.
Squid ink. pic.twitter.com/dA9Wi9Ii8P
Are you talking about Augustine? Am at the gym listening to the podcast.
Bingo! I get the same result! Will Latex it on plane tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/RPO73q4kmq
Sar el taqsim!
I see. I am using the 90% percentile in the integration, should add the others bands.
I am using continuous which at the limit should not matter.
I can't find the discrepancy pic.twitter.com/lOv9qi4g5g
Let me find the usual mistake.
LaTeX? pic.twitter.com/7GkgrhYD5V
The usual error by 1/2/...
 pic.twitter.com/0sAD3Nt0sB
5) Effectively the "Monsanto troll army" is a shadow of its former self; either funding dropped or they got more careful.  I am scheduled to talk to the German press abt Monsanto & meeting members of the board of Bayer in conjunction w/SITG pub in German.
Debunk fake news, ESPECIALLY if they are on the side of your political opinions. It is the hardest thing to do.  And make sure your correction of fake news is as vigorous as the inital annoucement.  I dislike Gina Haspel & everything she stands for. But I put TRUTH first.
Armenians running for elections in Beirut.  Wherever they go, Armenians give more than they take. pic.twitter.com/G0DnZGzAph
But you are still on page ~20!
The cleanest result with details of convergence. pic.twitter.com/KaIHYyZDJa
We had a family house for weekends and vakashions.
I never lived in Amioun
Even better!
I am aware of that, which is why I have been waiting before exposing Monsanto shills such as @keithkloor and @tamarhaspel when they are defenseless after the Bayer integration.
After the Pompeo disaster, is there a possible way to stop Bolton from getting the White House position?
I am cheating by replacing n/2 by ceiling [n/2] since anyway n large. Will add to Latex
Second approach using Fourier Transforms (there is a third) pic.twitter.com/HaivXkIZsN
The risk-based skeptical empirical approach to CLIMATE is here. pic.twitter.com/RupOpb3BUY
No. Credit spread...
Clearer (how we got the gamma functions) pic.twitter.com/KshHBvXlqG
The point is not the view. The idea is to trade it.
The Monsanto shill didn’t say it went bust and got a 600 billion rescue.
I am at the gym but you can prove heuristically.
Sqrt(2/pi) sqrt(n)
BS
6) Mr @ImaraWaTijara, let me say it in one sentence"  One single DNA test offsets 12 hours of b***ting.  Gabish?
As a trader I only look at downside. Fake traders talk about hopes.
A lot of Armenians are J1, the Arabian stain is P-58
As I said, low-IQ BS vendor.
The point is that it removes fake narratives. The enlightenment was about rigor in knowledge, not fake narratives.
5) We have known since Ruffié and Taleb (1965) [my father's hobby was scientific genealogy via blood markers] that Koura valley was heavily Macedonian/Western Cypriot & we can see it through DNA.  Historians are convinved they can contest paternity tests with tons of verbal BS
@pzalloua for Canaanites
Lazaridis et al
Phase 2 I went after economists and statisticians
who
One prime example is the journo/charlatan @michaelshermer who thought Pinker had statistical significance w/Better Angels.  Journos cause a lot of problem spreading bad science.
IMBECILE, the database has 10K people.
Ignore the PC at the end. It is cosmetic, just to fend off accusations ...
3) The other interesting "hard science" discovery is that a) Modern Greeks are the same as ancient Greeks, b) Greeks are largely Anatolian, c) Canaanites are largely Anatolian.   Minority rule chapter in #skininthegame : languages travel, genes not so much.
Never argue with someone with the aim of changing his or her mind; focus instead on changing the much less invested minds of the audience.
Look at @rorysutherland whom I thought was Cypriot when I first met him.
2) @PZalloua (Reich collab) showed Leb Shiites were of Phoenician ancestry, caused a shock, but now slowing building a Canaanite identity.  I found from his databse that there is ~3% Arab genes in Lebanon & West. Syria.  Arabist Historians s.a. Salibi are largely fabricators.
Impardonable.
... and NEVER discuss the family business in the presence of strangers.
Yes the history of the idea is in The Black Swan. That was pre-Mandelbrot.
Me neither.
Sullivan (cc:@CoachRippetoe )
In other words, better have 30% in high risk than 100% in medium risk, everything else being equal.
Ancient Greek.
It is merely a risk lowering method: putting a floor.
Not very smart. Replace with Western Europe.
Actually (see above) the Ottomans encouraged the Venitians and the French to build schools....
We spoke French DURING the Ottomans. We never liked you guys.
Fuck, no.
Leb is not in the Middle East but in the East Med!
Those in "Colonialism" a la Ed. Said/Arabism studies are Fabricators.  The French spent 22 years in Lebanon as military mandate (Italo-French was Christians' education) The Ottomans spent ~501y The Mamluks spent   ~220 y The Arabs spent ~250-350 y WTF is this Euro "colonialism"?
Achrafieh, Taleb Family 1923-1972 pic.twitter.com/Cbx4oqPesh
This seems to be ... BS
You mean the gnostics?
BECAUSE the answer is IN THE PAPER.   Learn to read a paper before asking a question about the CENTRAL issue.
Mabrouk! nézél 3al intikhabet?
IMBECILE, these are thin-tails and Low COMPLEXITY. Read the paper. Imbecile.
Papers please, Mr Brazilian fraud. Scientific publications/CV
You are not showing us your publication record, Brazilian fraud
Hey Brazilian fraud, can you point us to your “scientific” publications/resume?   Thank you.
The definition of a home: you are happy when you leave and you are also happy when you return.
Did you notice the Brazilian fraud did not ask for   Statistical evidencw from Popper’s book. Imbecile.
Friends, the NYT visibly reads this and CARES about SoschialMeedya as they CHANGED the book description in response to my online criticism... (Thet don't like to be called idiots). pic.twitter.com/xcFuMVGA7X
Phoenician.
Actually 5.04 since we cut expectation above 12
This Brazilian fraud claims to represent science, ignores my own scientific papers, claims I am an economist, claims evolution has been empirically tested (?), claims I need to read Popper, then doesn't realize the point of the falsifiability of evolution conflicts w/Popper.
When cost is small... that's my condition.
Liar  Leb is 19% J1
3) Doggedly determined revenge, particularly when delayed (and unexpected), is not a tit-for-tat to prevent repetition; it is to show others what to expect.  Mediterraneans like revenge to be "a dish you try to only eat when cold".
Alors, je vais commencer!
Yes, a simpler way (since the probas don't change, it is equiv. to draw with replacement hence binomial): pic.twitter.com/QAgFOi2E0Z
(This anonymous imbecile is talking about "citations" and "publication record" but I would like to see his. Typical smearing by academics by portraying me as if I was outside the peer-review system. )
So, imbecile, you are appointed representative of the “scientific community”?
This idiot should try to ask biologist for "empirical evidence" of the notion of evolution. Then come back...
He will be taken care of in the next batch. Life is long.
Sorry, correction for typo:          "long after he has forgotten about it"  shoud be           "long after he fuhgodaboudit"
"Start by being warm, pleasant, & generous w/every person you meet;  but if someone tries to exercise power over you, exercise power over him;  & if he messes w/you, remember to keep messing w/him long after he has forgotten about it".  Silver Rule of Fat Tony in #SkinInTheGame
Do you realize you are dealing with a Monsanto shill paid to hound me?
You bet
1) THREAD I am reading B****t Jobs by @davidgraeber.  Effectively if you have the soul of an artisan (cabinet maker), working as paper shuffler will make you miserable.  Note that 10% of Americans are self employed, numbers dropping w/modernity.  #Soulinthegame = artisan.
Imbecile, how do you know that I don't take VALID criticism, not some BS by a random person? Did you work with me? Did you supervise my academics? You should limit your comments to children's cartoons.
Imbecile, read the thread.  It was the other idiot. And do not read books.
What do you mean by "criticism" if you have NOT read the book? Imbecile.
Imbecile,  1) how do you know it is "ripping the book apart" if you read the review NOT the book?  2) Replace "war" with "violence" as this is the context.  3) Pleaaaaaaaase do NOT read my book as you are not fit to read books.
Mehdi, we still need to sort out the Gharar issue. One never knows which interpretation is the correct one.
Mr Mukunda is  not realizing that "tawk" is NOT what I am talking about. Speaking != doing. Start again.
No, look at my bio. Greek Orthodox
No
A very nice person
How
Imagine that someone else than @realDonaldTrump were elected & did EXACTLY the same things he did —except that the statements & tweets were speechwritten by Obama.  What would have MSM reacted?  #Skininthegame = observe actions not tawk
No. The paper DOES NOT say anything about behavior of systems, which requires dynamics. Bullshitter.
Yes, figured it out later... Thanks!
I've never listened...
ALM = Amar li Moryo.
Now I recall Arrian, the Campaigns of Alexander using Arabs.
I thought "Sarrazins" but Aramaic "Tayyoun" so I always suspect 3rd = Westerners
Not quite. It is easy to claim "imperialism" for anything.
The very first reference is "Al 3rb ta3rifu man ankarta wal 3ajamu"
@shahanSean
cc:@freakonometrics
En fait j'ai ecrit dessus: pour le maximum (c'est symmetrique) pic.twitter.com/vtoUZbuSI0
La distribution du minimum de n variable est  PDF[y]= 1-(1-Fi[y]])^n donc la norme |y-E[y]| est obtenue en integrant, non?
The New Testament was written in what Nietzsche calls the "bad Greek" of Syria, in Antioch
I asked 2 Islamic scholars and they confirmed that is both sides are unequal in uncertainty, there is no gharar.
Apologies, I thought you meant it got to Leb from Arabic. It can come from older than Phoenician (actually Akkadian)
No, but it dynamically shrinks bets after losses (and modifies expectations since mean is now smaller), which carries the same effect.
No, you're not getting it. @HooverInst needs funding, and vulnerable to reputational harm, particularly in the relation with @Stanford whose professors and faculty I will contact next.
Imbecile, do you understand the arrow of time?
Even less
Yes, the fact that it exists in Arabic doesn't mean it COMES FROM Arabic.  Gabish?
Mr Giligan, @tomgilligan, director of @HooverInst can you confirm whether  you support scientific fraud/misconduct by your fellow Henry I. Miller @henryImiller?   (see thread)
Some people don’t need to.
BS distinction
Do you f**** realize that as a Lebanese I am living every day the conflict Iran/West?
The Fat Tails Estimators Project has been very active.  w/@DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/TMpcq6pCLw
Interestingly, the word "frata" in Lebanese comes from the Phoenician root, as p'rot = break into small change.  It is a mystery how Jastrow knew so much about Phoenician.
The first round we showed that @sapinker had NO evidence to make his claims (like saying: this moved by 1/20th  of a standard deviation, let's write a book!)  The second time we may hint that the opposite of what he is saying is true.  cc:@BillGates
That's plain BS. No Arab genes in Leb/Western Syria. Arabism seems to empirically equate to fabrication.
No, you start with nothing for n=0.
Both are Gaussian nevertheless.
The problem is that even Hebrew philologists think תעריף comes from Arabic (it is tariff in Heb.), mistaking the root 3RF (knowledge) for the Phoenician (YRF) "sharing a piece of the merchandise".  cc:@KarlreMarks pic.twitter.com/ZwdkYNcNDx
The origin is actually a Phoenician Mercantile term.  The Arabs shamelessly claim other people's discoveries as their own; abetted by the erudition-free IQ-free Arabists.  Bravo @GeorgeJNasr for getting it. pic.twitter.com/MlpFJBuWcp
Actually it is Phoenician, but waiting ...
Never!
Should I do a tex?
How many drivers have you seen kill pedestrians and stay on the road? How many pedestrians are killed annually compared to drivers?
There are always two mathematical approaches to solve a problem: one stupid but reliable (brute force), one elegant but hard to double check immediately for risk-taking. Markov chains are both reliable and elegant.
Analytical: same answer using a simple Markov Chain. pic.twitter.com/UchzOTiEPF
Neither.  So either read my book or leave me alone. You are trying to fit what I am saying into your social-science narratives.  Gabish?
Brute force, exhaustive states. Will redo analytically. pic.twitter.com/M5uiPYrHlY
The difference is so small when ^1000
You're not getting it. There is no "USED". We don't know if they made sense for survival.
Was fixed.
It's not, was waiting for the first person to get it.
Very few Morroccans are Punic (some towns on coast). Even then. Berbers, yes. Punic, no.
not working.
Epiphenomenal
Thanks a million. Looks like I need to force use of XeLateX. Works!!! Looks great.
The difference between 1 standard deviation (~16%) and 3 standard deviations (1 in 1000)
The problem is that it’s a book (200 files). Can I get 1.7 back in the meanwhile? Thanks.
These things matter, you know....
Mistake: max deadlift was ~400 not 330.
An excellent article except my max deadlift was 400.
We're a complex system, not an arithmetic sum of body parts.
There is no such thing as auxiliary when you do a max-rep lift.
Problem is resistance will always be local unless you lift weights  barbell style
How about the hormonal/informational system?
Do you know how to count? Read above. Gabish?
THE END OF THE MEDIA  So Skin in the Game made the NYT Bestseller's List without a single US book review, with a single book lecktchur in NY.  All thanks to my twitter friends (and enemies).  Characteristically, these NYT idiots still managed to mis-describe the book. pic.twitter.com/sPqPPVmazD
I am having problems compiling stuff that worked with 1.7. Anything to download? Thanks.
Ya 3ammé ktubo bil-lébnéné! Shu s2ar fikon?
Jokes don't count.
il secondo e meglio
Assuming the unit is in minutes, must be 719. If in nanoseconds, the ratio stays the same.
I get (5/719)^1000, because the last crossing is 5 min before the 12 hours.
HI, None. Thanks.
You mean no expertise in bullshit?
Correkshion: It was not @davidpapineau but another philosopher.  All these philosophers have weird foreign names!
I blocked the fellow.
I removed your name (you see I immediately retract unlike Pigliucci) but I recall seing you comment on Pigliucci's piece/liked/retweeted. Let me know if mistaken for another philosopher.   You philosophers have all these strange foreign names!
I am in the BS busting business. You are mistaking me for a motivational speaker.
There is this BS in this "disagreebleness" scale used by psychologists, unconditional of domain.  Like most psych categorizations, BS.  Many are socially gentle but intellectually rigorous & no-nonsense: others nasty in person but appear gentle in public .  BS! cc:@KlingBlog
Don't see whatyouaretawkingabout.  Levantines ARE what you call "Indo-Aryan", same as modern Greeks, close to modern Persians.
D'accordo.
Never complexify beyond the necessary.
Yes that's what I call Bayesianistanization/ism
I fail to understand why Bayesianistanism makes you add another equation when we know that the second package is more likely than the first.  Keep it simmmmmmmple.
5) I am also FED UP seeing an ad for Pinker's book pop up on @amazon every time I am buying stuff. pic.twitter.com/BQHKai8mRc
Because we are *convex* to chance. My lecktchur at NYU tonight.
I will go to DC if you agree to read Antifragile, including the appendix.
4) Note the same typical @sapinker conflations: a) 2 classes of AI (busted by @elonmusk ) b) 2 classes of probability (thin tails and fat tails) c) 2 classes of breeding (slow vs transgenic): jumping from the 34th floor window not the same risk class as taking the stairs. etc.
Martingale, by LLN. If has to have a positive drift for long term gains *in expectation*.
2) Replace Pinker's book w/ 75 informative graphs by @MaxCRoser who should publish book without words.  Preferably in color.  But remember that data gathering is not data *science*.
1) Was not aiming to read @sapinker's book, saw this on GMOs: he is as klueless about komplexity & nonlinearity as he is about elementary statistical significance.  The text is full of BS (to him science=scientism), it doesn't match the pics. pic.twitter.com/hR9yjHQTih
That's not SITG. Taking a share of the losses would be SITG.
Imbecile, you are contradicting the idea thatno human is judging, just survival?
Conflating parody with critical thought is something so low on the intellectual scale that you are harming the world of ideas.  And I tend to not take sh*t from anyone. Snowden, one more BS comment and I block you.  Gabish?
Snowden, stop the BS.
You're a f*** idiot because you mistook a parody for a review.  Gabish?
Accountant means P/L. Replace with bank account.
NonBayesian... (at least non-conventional Bayesian) pic.twitter.com/pO6lgLnJUL
Upload the cover of a book you love without saying why and mention the person who invited you (@mcapellanus) and invite 8 others for #WorldBookDay.  @csandis @VergilDen @holland_tom @peterfrankopan @petelx60 @BrankoMilan @BellesLettresEd pic.twitter.com/kQKcFvlqJj
The "good" journalist marker: someone who goes against the grain, goes against lobbies: Gary Taubes @garytaubes, Laura Rosen, @dannyhakim ... and is ostracized by others for it.   Some are heroes.
Nothing is random!
Despise -> mepriser.
I get every day the confirmation that the only people who don’t despise journalists are journalists and (some of) their mothers.
I did in case you didn't notice. But I know you noticed.
I've been without power for 3 days. In hotel now but working from home where it is 40 degrees. Coldest thing ever is sleeing at 45 deg.
I am klueless about Corbyn. But the approach by George Eaton is a good one.
No, Thaler seems to ignore that there is such a thing as EVOLUTION
You're too generous....
Dear Mr Jakab, is it so annoying for you as a low-IQ journo that someone can answer you back? Get used to the new order and lose your sense of entitlement: you try to f*** with me, I will f*** with you at least twice as hard.  Gabish?
Now, Eamonn, you understand why I don't go on his show.
He's a fraud.
What makes you label it as "Airport business book", imbecile? Is it because I refuse to go on your show?
I know I got confused... Too much wine yesterday.
Actually, stronger, no?
Yes my first pic.twitter.com/CR4uwAEiop
This is again the curse of dimensionality!
Bi Amioun!
n+1, n-1 for the band of integration. So I(k)+½(I(k+1)-I(k-1) where I is the integral of k^3 and the upper limit is n, n-1, n+1 respectively.
OK, OK, you want visual, you get visual pic.twitter.com/jVSY6q61UL
Deambulatorium!
Ita, melius est!
Finalmente! Et complevit libri itinere! No more lecktchurs!  Nunc autem scribo a reliquis duobus annis. Ego igitur studere "Probability puzzles" (aenigmata) , legere libros in linguam Latinam, et non et non errare, ut in textu hic.  ---so I don't make mistakes as the ones here.
Ordered @RyanHoliday's book.
OK, OK, this works, but I need to rush. Will come back later with LaTeX if you want. pic.twitter.com/TUeqzPspVI
Is this cheating? pic.twitter.com/J5dNDceOq5
Try FamilyTree for Y haplotype...
Huge honor, but not to "promote".
He was excommunicated from the Maronite Church. Took SOME risk.
3) Here is Pinker's spinning like a BS vendor to answer technical points.   Charlatan. pic.twitter.com/k0JfPpQdm2
From Aramaic Targum-an
Probability someone I blocked on Twitter. Minority rule
No, rather the reverse
2) Actually, Steven Pinker @sapinker is MISREPRESENTING the exchange. I merely asked for his email and the chance to discuss something by mail about his MS. He gave it to me and NO discussion of specifics took place.  No wonder he has some difficulties with the truth.
Thanks!
Where is this from?
J1e is from much further South
Ashkenazis are J2>J1>E1b1...
Yes, I know it is complicated... pic.twitter.com/kDrBRYsZ7z
Different ones went to Arabia and Phoenicia. Phoenicians were J2 similar to Greeks. Zalloua thinks they may have gone to Ethiopia then Yemen then rest of Arabia. Also Natufians were E before them.
Go ahead!
I have that in my @PZalloua database
For autosomal or Y-Chromosome markers? I need to see the details.
Lecktchuring
High there but don't know subclades to see if came with Arabs or original Jews.
tiny, maybe even to 10^-10
Almost only Kohanim...
J1e is rare in Leb/Western Syria
IRONY of History: Where you discover that Alan Dershowitz @AlanDersh and the Hashemites of Mecca and Jordan share a common great...great...grandfather.   J1e is the Arab subclade. To get the exact degree we need the subclades/haplotypes. pic.twitter.com/fr0JAVgLja
Ya3tikon el 3aafye chabeb is perfectly Phoenician
עברית במבטא מזרחי
No, Al Akhtal tout court (assaghir was a modern)
No. Levant is not “Semitic” but Anatolian.
!= means notequal
You are not getting it. Languages!= genes
You seem a bit ... green, @Shuwen22973519 can help get you in shape with “Semitic”
At the end Gad made a mistake said “shukran” for thank you. That’s Arabic not Lebanese. Should say: yeslamo or mamnunak.
Asymmetry: I got yours for free.
For impact
My NYU lecktchur today: Lindy effect, use chalk and blackboard. pic.twitter.com/XrRvQ1OTmK
Dear @yaneerbaryam can @dottorpax come to (at least) the Fat tails session?   Another benefit: he will bully Italian restaurants in Boston & food there will improve for us.
Mr  @omribenshahar doesn't seem to understand statistics. @normonics will expose the BS in the study soon.
You too if you wish
GrecoPhoecician, dear cousin
I can't wait, your Gadness!
GUESSING GAME:   The @FT Book Review above by @johngapper has the following # of errors in reading comprehension:
1) I was on my own for 20 years 2) Traders need to make a PL or die.
MENA is not at all a genetic category: Western Asia (Caucasus) IS more like one and practically ALL of what you call Europe has some of it.  The reason you see clusters is from inbreeding, not from true genetic variations.  But large genetic variations appear at the higher scale.
No, Ritholtz has severe antecedents of ingratitude...
My suspicion is that شهرت is NOT Semitic in origin; may come from "state".
Same root as in شهرزاد ?
No. I am Sicilian in payback methods.
3) EERIE:  journos making, 11 years later, the SAME mistakes about the same points...
For instance 11 years from now their comments will still be part of a manual exposing their mistakes for case studies for students in journalism.  11 years ago, this imbecile @EasterbrookG reviewed The Black Swan. pic.twitter.com/oaHtb7yF2J
One is parody.
Does it come from Farsi?
Zaghgher is not from  بصغير in Arabic but from Aramaic Z3ouro =>small
No, Aphorism
Philology, Musing Du jour: Both Ar. Sahar (vigil, wake, evening gathering, moonlighting) and Shahr (month), seem to come from the same Phoenician-Hebrew-Aramaic סהר = Moon, Crescent.  Shhr (reputation) could be another root. Is it Persian (شهر => )? pic.twitter.com/8f53uTvVRI
We are told in the US that if we Orthodox need to visit a church, to pick the Episcopelian-Church of Engl as they are Catholics without the filioque papality.
Very important!
Yes, let's tawk about this.
I saw no diff from 25k to 55k...
Henry I Miller has feen fired from Forbes & Project Syndicate (& his articles removed) after the discovery that Monsato was writing his articles.  Some sites, s.a. @NRO and @statnews resist firing him.   Is it evidence these sites are also Monsanto funded/fronts?
To me Protestantism resembles Islam in its obsessive focus on monotheistic purity and its distate for pomp, symbols, and ornaments.   Catholics are more like brothers enemies.
Ah, UK. Publikaschion day here is tomorrow.
Problem is publikaschion of my book is today. Will do a Markov chain later.
Ha! SITG making it into policy even BEFORE publikaschion! pic.twitter.com/q6ayagvqQB
2) Never ever bite the hand that fed you.  Gabish?
Do you know the background? No. So go lecture someone else.
Didn't I tell you to fuck off?
Fucking idiot, Snowden, you can't tell a review from a parody?
@Steve_Sailer Data I've looked at doesn't show crisp clusters... Europe has more diffuse distributions. Wonder how this PCA was setup or doctored up. Other one is more accurate.
Talk to a Yemeni Israeli or a Druze
Squid Ink pic.twitter.com/gmv3tadPcm
3) For some background, BS Vendor Sam Harris called me "insufferable", then tried to make friends, then called me "insufferable" again after I refused (I am intolerant of BS).
2) Gabish is the recreated pronounciation of Siculo-Galabrez (Calabrese); the “p” used to sound like a “b” and the “g” like a Semitic kof, a hard K, from Punic.  Much like capicoli is “gabagool”.  Gabish?
WTF? I am not an Arab.
Just to insist that those Arabists who say that there was no such thing as Phoenicia as a placename are also probably not aware of the existence of such things as ancient authors.
Weak...
PHILOLOGY DU JOUR  Pliny's Natural History called the Levant strip "The Phoenician Sea". Arabs later called the Med  بحر الروم but like the "Persian" Gulf (=>"Arabian") the name got redacted from texts.  Brilliant idea @BellesLettresEd: superposed not juxtaposed bilingual txts pic.twitter.com/xrFwQMYOUu
No: children
Imbecile (to be ad hominem), you didn't notice it was a parody?
Not my specialty: apparently came from the Levant; no idea yet if Natufian since E1b1b might have originated from there.
He is good. The Guardian is better at parodies.
No, absence of absorption
BS vendors and charlatans are, by definition, good talkers.
Street violence has thinner tails. More measurable.
And Phil Coggan @econbuttonwood is thoughtful but didn't realize my style has... not changed from when my message was better for him. I have always been iconoclastic --except my target is now journos. pic.twitter.com/QspWMY5qmi
Actually, I just read the review line by line.  Idiot-Shermer cherry-picks because the article continues: "All this is a shame, because the first, submerged Mr Taleb is still audible, and still has interesting things to say. "
Nonergodic implies extinction (think risk management).
To explain it in my terms: the selfish gene is NOT necessarily ergodic (in practice will almost never be). Group selection is.
E.O. Wilson calls Dawkins a journalist, particularly after the reaction to the @DrMANowak paper: Dawkins & Pinker ignored the math.  Shermer is a BS vendor; he doesn't know science is based on rigor & statistical significance not multiplication of anecdotal descriptive graphs.
We can even track Roman genes in England ... from US populations. Very exciting times for data scientists. pic.twitter.com/q7yDIUChd6
You will notice that Phoenicians (mainly J2a) are not "Semitic". Languages follow minority rules.  Needs to add some Natufians as they may not all be haplo E.
Science, History, Culture, & (soon) probability at their best: rigorous tracking of ancient populations through genes.   Dates will change as many are sequencing individuals from archeological sites.  Will be improved with inf. theory/probabilistic methods   Here IJ haplogroups pic.twitter.com/7Q0Egn4E0k
In all fairness, @johngapper agrees mainly with the point and find the book entertaining (adding this), but I could not resist playing with his "flaw"
And Zoe Williams, @zoesqwilliams should not put on public display a deficit in reading comprehension. pic.twitter.com/DHqxailG0u
Starting here a thread putting some skin in the game of journos reviewing Skin in the Game. We start with @johngapper at the @FT. pic.twitter.com/vNDnyOcGtX
Hi, I mistakenly told the publicicst no interview but will make an exception for you.
It is intentional.
I don’t think you want to know what  I think of Sam Harris.
You good. Very good.
Project Syndicate @ProSyn confirms they removed Henry Miller's @henryImiller articles from their site.
This is not "dimensional analysis". Kapish?
Explaining the curse of dimensionality (and why it makes errors grow rapidly, hence impossible to see high dimensional effects even from known causes) #GMOs #DelendaMonsanto pic.twitter.com/ZQAPgIM3ri
Indeed
In other words, model error dominates...
Please try without math...
Try to think about the same in 3D, then 4D... Look up the curse of dimensionality: one needs sampling a larger and larger portion of the space.
 pic.twitter.com/B6rog10R5g
By the way our argument (counter to what Monsanto shiils are claiming) is not against insulin GM and things "in the box" with low-dimensionality/known effects.
Continue, you are on the right track
Right methodology, wrong result... Why divide by 16?
Dear @HooverInst, can you please explain why you have taken no disciplinary action about @henryImiller's case of scientific fraud?  Should I take it up higher with @Stanford U.? Please let me know (as you know I will not give up.) cc: @EconTalker @nfergus
Do you need Latex?
6) On the other hand, we can use science to debunk bogus historical claims using genetics and probabilistic methods.
5) The graph from Skin in the Game. This explains why people like charlatan Sam Harris BSing make "scientific" claims that are not covered by science. pic.twitter.com/1ic721A5TB
voila pic.twitter.com/CKXrWlddxz
Typos: density should be "mass function" I flipped the with/without replacement
...in 2020
Back of the envelope pic.twitter.com/d9hbg6MPf2
What the f**** is that question?
I see the reason Matthew Syed @matthewsyed did not feel hostile towards Skin in the Game and yours truly:    He was a doer become writing about things.   Also, he may have some understanding of Shiism and minorities.
Better the Turkish Turban than the Papal Tiara'
From DNA, very plausible, but equally plausible that they both came from Anatolia and Phoenician got some Natufian genes
Explained in Via Negativa in Antifragile
Omission is not symmetric to commission in the real world; only in pseudophilosophical parables.
A simple test shows both pic.twitter.com/NGgaPFDxp1
No, never made the claim; the difference only vanishes only for Large N.
No, but judges are punished like Cambyses. Will take care of him Monday during high traffic.
Bingo!
My New York book Lecktchur. The only lecktchur in the US. pic.twitter.com/Z4t4FV8Otg
This is a BS approach to probability.
No replacement.
Let me write a LaTeX later today.
Watch out to not get the attention of the publishers... On twitter it's OK (each is a short snippet), on Medium you may get noticed as >> normal copyright.
With replacement you get a simple expression.  (Can explain in LaTeX) pic.twitter.com/3u8bw72jsd
It is ludicrous because when we show it to them the answer was "no significant advance here".  So we went to Physica because they are more technical: they got that the advance was the new estimators.
4) Progress, like evolution, must be neither too slow nor too fast. Too slow means extinction from lack of adaptation. Too fast prevents retaining the benefits of past improvements, hence, again, extinction.
3) Let me rephrase for the slow at getting it. If you do not treat Tradition as (high dimensional) "experience", you stand against science and statistical significance --the spine of experimental science.  What has worked 10^10 times  >>> some psych paper with 60% repl. error
Fucking idiot vaccines and atoms are science not scientism.
"Science and reason is the best we have" is a statement that is both pseudoscientific & irrational. It conflates science and scientism. Science is rigorous, makes no claims outside a v. narrow domain.  "Tradition, risk management, and Skin in the Game is the best we have".
Plus or minus 1 in the iterator pic.twitter.com/DCFyPBNEsv
The mathematica function is named wrong. It says PDF shd say CDF
Someone said the debate was @sapinker Pinker against me. I am done after the statstcs part. Closed.  The debate (if any) is non-erudite Pinker against uber-erudite John Gray.
Will do a LaTex
The parenthss shd cover both
Markov Chain approach pic.twitter.com/RYVxzpxr6h
Ms @zoesqwilliams conflates skin in the game & incentives. Skin in the game is ABOUT downside risk.   "chief executives and shareholders who want values maximised – people whose skin is very much in the game of driving down wages."  Got it backwards! Pitiful.
She still didn't get the minority rule.
At the time I wrote this, it was 70%. And the point is NOT germane to the argument. Gabish?
I never said I didn't write anything ABOUT the UK. I also wrote about Ancient Greece. SITG never PRESCRIBED anything for the UK.
Ms Williams, stop bullshitting.
Ms @zoesqwilliams also conflates skin in the game with conflict of interest ("mothers of murdered children").  How can one be so ignorant? A strange density of egregious mistakes per line in a book review...
I give an example from the UK along with conference rooms in Germany.  Are you so clueless?
Only Church of Greece, at some point. Not in the original Antioch/Levantine.
Not in the Levant.
Bread here often has butter in it.
If you are observing (Greek) Orthodox Lent, (vegan except for, strangely, crustaceous), something easy in Med/an olive oil country, & you find yourself traveling in a butter country where everything has dairy products
You are bullshitting.  Which UK? Did YOU read the book?
The other blatant violation of "Political Correctness" in the @guardian no less: So be cause I am naturalized not native to the West I don't have skin in the game?  WTF is this?
Actually I get errors cleaned up by posting chapters on social media
As a Lebanese Christian and given that we Levantine minorities are the main victims of Jihadis, I find Ms Zoe Williams’ claim about my absence of skin in the game w/the West very ignorant and, mostly, very very insensitive.
Susan, being an author is not needed for symmetry. Symmetry is in what she is experiencing now, accountability for bullshitting in a book review.
Please unblock @Extrachelle ... let me plead
No more than 2.
temps passé vs temps perdu
No, Ban. Can explain. This is Beiruti style.
London authentic squid ink pic.twitter.com/JMi2ASDDTv
Coventry is where things were made. Brussels where people tawk.
Come anyway, Yves. I will use my allowance.
Just hit me I have another talk at @dauntbooks at 12:30...  Marylebone
leish l'"villains" déyman ighniya?
No! Will be NY Friday.
And 2nd city Wed.
There is NO such thing. A fraud.
This is the mesolithic, 10KY. Supposedly the sun-sensitivity genes came with farming via Anatolia/Fertile Crescent, but a speculation.
Which makes the golden ratio the outcome of perfect  self-replication.
Actually, for any x \in R.
Incidentally, the Golden Ratio  via continuous fractions for any x>0 pic.twitter.com/IsjEbdSojz
No, much more of an asshole, as you will see.
He was a Mandaen not Islamic. Please correct.
Prehistoric, Mesolithic. Gabish?
No.  Just pity.
What outcome? No outcome.
Sorry it is Mr Van Someren. Would you like, Rohan, to invite him to speak, intead? You never know he might say something coherent.
Maybe Ms van Someren he should invite you instead so you have the chance to say something interesting.
Pants were Balkanic peasant wear.
The fact that I dislike @wmarybeard & her "scholarship" does not mean I need to be concerned with her other disputes.  So I will block anyone getting me involved in her other problems.   Gabish?
BZIZA. BTW your mother is here.
Thanks a million!
Archeology? Of course: here is a Roman temple just outside the village. pic.twitter.com/JZtBNL1wvO
Do you have the other page? Thanks!
Does it mention squid ink?
Bottargua with Araq. Last day before Orth Lent pic.twitter.com/yyVWdvzNdi
It snowed all night in Northern Phoenicia The “White Mountain” pic.twitter.com/vF8lmcSWg6
Maestro, small typo survival function is P(Z>k) not P(X>k)
Foie gras
Fucking idiot show me the texts that mention the stuff.
It's a scam, people use behavioral finance as a money raising scheme.
In general those who do well with data are math/CS. Never seen social scientists.
So, in other words, if you see, say a B-School academic with the attitude that "he is smart & had he wanted he would be richer than practitioners" explain to him that he is not an academic BY CHOICE but out of incompetence.
The silent rise of Levantinism, Canaanitism, etc. as predicted.
Where the \sqrt{5} comes from: pic.twitter.com/3aYCm8mUS0
If you are a trader, you already know.
Voila! Binet's expression of Fibonacci pic.twitter.com/W2xtFzNGBZ
There lies the mystery!!! pic.twitter.com/hyF6A60Xv0
The exact probability is very, very interesting. pic.twitter.com/CvFsI9Zp2S
Fatigue + jetlag + laziness + mathematical shortcuts + arak with Mezze = Markov Chain Of course. pic.twitter.com/bfC5r4gbcx
10th position. But I got a shorter derivation.
Think about it Muslims coul'd eat with Christians in the Levant. No social integration.
No
No
Long way but theoretical and generalizable. pic.twitter.com/AanqmlmyHa
I am now EXACTLY 2 miles away
Now.
3) THOSE WHO EAT TOGETHER BAND TOGETHER For instance since Muslims can eat Kosher food, why did they add another interdict: wine? To prevent socializing with Jews and Christians hence lower exposure to conversions. pic.twitter.com/d8w3Jgghbv
Highly doubtful. This is an ad hoc "sounds good" explanation.  A-      1) Kashrut came with >500 other interdicts.      2) Local neighbors (Greeks, Canaanites, pre-Islamic Arabians) had no such interdict on pork.  B- Interdicts serve as religious markers. I discuss in SITG.
Pro Antitrust. Large corps play via lobbyists
But another visitor of Russell's will liberally discuss the point ...
Did you notice my thanking you? 2 years ago you helped find the sequence that allowed proving Pr. 2.
NonProfiteers & academics who think they made a "sacrifice" underestimate how hard (& rare) it is to make money in the Real World w/o rentseeking.  Authors who think they "sacrifice" by not dumbing down underestimate how hard (& rare) it is to sell a book to very wide audiences.
For another reason.
Poorly colored, using bad bayesian techniques for Leb skin color.
Start with Pinker boy @sapinker
"large enough"...
Bingo! Yes, works for hydrology.
Imbecile I am not using my own experience to make statistical claims except in the negatove. Imbecile.
2) It is not just that the Leb war numbers are bogus but they come from journos who BS and cite each another (citation ring), causing an inflation in numbers. Some idiotic historian gets them into books w/1 citation.  Trying to clean up war data w/@DrCirillo @ABarnardNYT
No
Finally posted my paper on consequences of fat tails in observing an average (you need 10^13 more data for Pareto 80/20 than for a Gaussian). pic.twitter.com/hugGbKoGGN
Close enough. But I wonder why I don't get the exact 1/16. The limit is certainly 2/n. Haven't slept in 24 hours and had delays of 11 hours... so could be missing something obvious
I mean 2/n
A long trip to Northern Phoenicia. I have different results... slightly. pic.twitter.com/bwTNhS9XWQ
Smart actors become executives
Twelve hours in Casablanca airport.
You shouldn't go.
Explaining the Weak Non-Ergodicity: Not only your fate will not "average out" but it will diverge over time, the opposite of what has been believed for 290 years in the stupid decision science literature..  Risk is something to be seen dynamically, not staticallt  @ole_b_peters pic.twitter.com/K8Ffs5ufjZ
Without skin in the game:  Smart drug dealers become pharmacopsychiatrists;  smart astrologists become economists;  smart serial killers write for the Wash Post;  smart bullshitters become “experimental” psychologists;  and smart bankrobbers become bankers.
No
He did it with Al Capone
Under the fascist regime of Franco, the Basque language was banned.  Well, the Lebanese language site @learn_lebanese was suspended by Twitter for no apparent reason, with no negative interaction.  Twitter, is it censorship by Arabists? Please explain.
2) Historical Table of drawdowns (70 years of SP500, ~17k observations), different scales, and tail exponent concerves that of returns. pic.twitter.com/4AdgbZo6TI
For those wasting time listening to journos on market "collapse": this is normal, very normal business.   Very, very normal.  Markets are in STATES OF DRAWDOWN (i.e. trade below the peak) ~75% of the time, EVEN when returns are yuge (see 180 years of drawdowns by @financequant)
I am saying we DON"T speak Arabic
I gave the same lecktchur tonight on high water marks with floods. Said exactly same. But wrote same on mistaking lowest observationf for lower bound
Did I write this?
not quite
Unless you want to give an example
Imbecile, look at the academic positions we have.
Ole, am I hallucinating or this is maximizing the Log of the growth rate, similar to the Kelly criterion?
Squid ink is closed on Monday. But we did very, very well.
Meanwhile I used Mathematica for a functional quiz pic.twitter.com/omnsCnX3kT
Lunch with maestro Alexander Bogomolny @CutTheKnotMath discussing probability riddles pic.twitter.com/1v8SEB3fEL
The point is the neutrality of Wikipedia and the role of Monsanto shills (like the one you are arguing with).   Gabish?
I cannot be diplomatic with harmful frauds. Sorry, but it is not my nature. I can't stand frauds. I really can't.  Gabish?
Fixed! Thanks pic.twitter.com/J3s4JdYRpO
Should be inf{} or min{ }
This imbecile doesn't see that "evidence of brain alterations" doesn't mean your treatment is effective ... and safe, nor that large deviations can be derived from small ones. In fact we have seen more abuses in pharmacopsychiatry than elsewhere.
Very good, Joe. Descriptive statistics (i.e. without significance test), @DrCirillo and I will argue are a NO-NO with Fat tails and/or time series.
Looks like someone keeps removing updates. I am not an editor,
Thanks Ellie! They eventually changed the picture.
I am certain Monsanto is taking over Wikipedia, @jimmy_wales.   This page on the journal entropy does not mentions that many agencies consider Glyphosate likely carcinogenic, uses criticism by Monsanto shill Kevin Kloor. pic.twitter.com/hxSLCa6Cvg
The anti-BS vending mission is working, one mind at a time.  (with permission) pic.twitter.com/1eXRe8G1Vn
The imbecile drew me as African. Who did this?
Exaaaaaactly. You need to be convex to historical sample paths.
Genetic maps show actual paternity. They don't lie. They help debunk BS by historians such as Mary Beard.
He would have to be an idiot conflating something & its institutional embodiment. Only idiots fall for the verbalistic: they don't conflate society and sociology because the words are different.
After the foist phase, vol didn't pick up much. It was VIX liquidations.
WTF? You guys don't invite me? I was flaneuring in the neighborhood.
In fact, anyone who has taken risks professionally knows this intuitively, but verbagiastic @PTetlock and nudgeboy @R_Thaler can't get it.
Cliff, read between the lines. I wrote a whole f*** book explaining that if the world is getting better, it isn't science and education, but the right setup for tinkering.
From the Turkish occupation.
3) If you look at the court system (common law), you can see that it evolved to build a process; not hard laws but procedures designed to minimize errors of reasoning.
And what I mean by law is common law, bottom up pic.twitter.com/g4zCJZQRyA
Not academic psych
re5iya  2awwas 3ind rabbna.
Libertarianism is about replacing authority with laws (legal systems, courts).  Hard sciences (math, physics) obey laws, bullshit disciplines (psychology, history, sociology) obey authority.  In the absence of #skininthegame, authority evolves to BS. In anything.
2) we know for sure Tabal is NOT Semitic in origin (TNBL= 4cons. not 3) also it is made into a verb in Leb.
Tambal in Lebanese
Here you are getting it wrrrong, young NonMed. It is not relaxation.
Ignore pressures to make you feel guilty.
Happy birthday
Actually, does. Blocked that idiot.
Super-Meds since Meds come from there.
The pseudohistorian @mikeduncan has to be a total intellecktchual fraud:   He jumped in, commenting on the Mary Beard problem without even knowing anything except that it was Mary Beard on the other side.  Historians & pseudohistorians are good at fake news.
The main difference between Mediterraneans and nonMeds:     Farniente (doing nothing) is active for a Med.
Maximilian you are due to come attend 3+ days to complete.
REWRI (Real World Risk Seminar), @trishankkarthik presenting P/NP and predictability, comments on GMOs. pic.twitter.com/5TI9hgOr4v
No, I bought SVXY for a scalp.
The point is that the loss was truly UNLIMITED (not bounded) and Credit Suisse (or someone) took the remainder.  Also to believe that selling vol can be "profitable" without realizing a very very MILD event can wipe out 4-6 years of earnings.
2)  Always apologize except when did something wrong. (Bed of Procrustes)
Thanks for the belota
Any news if $XIV is trading now & what price?
Languages != genes by the minority rule
RE ARTISANS (added to SITG) The most skilled traders are often wealthy, but not the wealthiest: many traders trade out of passion & aren't interested in running a business. To become a billionaire, one needs an appetite for meetings, discussions with lawyers and regulators, etc.
By whom?
People associated w/"prestigious" institutions (e.g. Stanford's @HooverInst) are very vulnerable because the inst. cares abt its image, particularly if as with @henryImiller it is scientific fraud. For that one needs f** you money but those who have it don't shill for Monsanto
I got uncomfortable with @jordanbpeterson (whom I had been backing) after his thingy with Monsanto.
Dear officials at the Hoover Institute, @HooverInst have you started some ethics/disciplinary action against @henryimiller who committed a scholarly fraud?  Is your board aware of it? Please let us know before we escalate. Thank you.
Articles about me by Monsanto's shill of shills @henryimiller have been removed by Forbes. Too bad I have no copy! And thank you @garyruskin for your vigilance (assuming you are responsible for busting Miller)! pic.twitter.com/kzrOwHvx6a
OK.  I lost.
I can offer to buy those if you wish. Unfortunately I won't be in London then.
No
OK, challenge in both probability and food: Osso buco! pic.twitter.com/kgO0FYIWIv
Ok I am in an Italian rstrnt; will retaliate with better picktchurs!
Good point. Same mechanism “dead or if lucky, deprived of their license to drive...”
I meant in Arabic
I hate to write for newspapers (last was 6y ago) because you can’t be playful, write on your own terms, make the reader concentrate on some stuff, etc.
(انقلاب ) is a loan word from Arabic used for coup and (شورش ) is from Farsi but can be Semitic ( uprooting)
In Arabic, Inqilab =coup, Thawra = revolution
We know now that Minoans come from Anatolia (last stop). Berbers may have come from Iberia (one of the stops) or the Southern route.  By the end of the year I will have large enough a database to estimate flows probabilistically.
You build a structure... decentralization.
Version 2. pic.twitter.com/fUsafA23WX
Not getting feedback: it is easy to read?  Representative? Instead of sending the book to reviewers (who from experience rarely read the book), I am writing my own exposition.
Friends, this Op-Ed explaining (some of the aspects of) the book is here for comments. Will delete later, as per rules of journal. pic.twitter.com/5QFz31YrOe
By definition a BS vendor has to be a good communicator.
Libya seems to have the most Arabic gene flow on the Med. Still low. pic.twitter.com/i83zxbUhiZ
BS is always great read...
@SvenCarlin Who is the imbecile who did my portrait making me look African?
In the Levant it's not Ja7im but Gehenom as well.
It is. But it was not written to be taken seriously.
Actually, worse: the frequency of large wars has not declined.
Coastal Libyans were similar to Cretans. Many still are.
Voila, for 1. pic.twitter.com/uhZYZXdKnf
Same story, \approx 1-e or e
Cleaned up. pic.twitter.com/pPcWPujaV8
Interesting Route: Using the stopping time for a Wiener process since allowed by the very rapid Gaussian approximation pic.twitter.com/jWJaKzUf9P
The approximation is effective for n>1 and the net terms very small, meaning we get maximal precision with n>2 plus use of  Triangular distribution pic.twitter.com/MquWDKmFEq
Normal Approximation.  Working on a latex exposition pic.twitter.com/pQ3ckvMuBK
It was! Initially. Anger pays.
The problem of statistical inference under fat tails: My next lecktchur, simplified  in book with @DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/rmlg2Enj8x
Sitting next to me
You just mathematized Burke.
I was not accepted on the royal table.
Will do a latex!
I am a witness of Derman’s tweeting as we are at the same quant party pic.twitter.com/v5Rv77Xqx7
The Uniform Sum Dist is the best way to explain central limit. Was just writing chapter for next lextchur! pic.twitter.com/dLCkYdXSiW
And I presented my paper on Law of Large Numbers under fat tails. There, to the "extremists" who said they had NOT seen anything of the sort. Including de Haan.
Looking for users. Gabish?
It is "rough" as Mandelbrot would have described it.
Votre abruti d'ami Charpentier n'a pas montré un seul papier de recherche sur les decisions sous "fat tails"/consequences sur les estimateurs statistiques. Il est d'une malhonetete intellectuelle MONSTRE. Pas un seul. A fraud.
And when you ask these ignorant econometricians like @freakonometrics they recite Extreme Value Theory which never claimed to do statistical inference.
What the fuck are you repeating? Are you so clueless We know that and know the extreme value players.   @DrCirillo
We are not talking about the properties of the distributions.
Iphone 8, Iphone X, or neither? Thanks in advance, friends.
The entire point of statistical estimation misses the central element. @DrCirillo
Embrecht is my friend. Ask him if he published anything for Statistical Inference under fat tails.
We need more Serge Langs (a mathematician who blocked social scientists from being considered scientists). pic.twitter.com/qqVqGtRXrh
Obviously, the mean simplifies to Exp[T \mu]
Because each \Delta_t has its own expectation, so you are dealing with double averaging.
Actually it is not the expectation that's the problem but the shift in density as T increases. Assume \mu=0, mean=S0 for all T.
Voila. Updated Silent Risk and the lextchur notes. pic.twitter.com/KqqvVwfTxv
Non lo so ancora. Ho chiesto all'editore (Saggiatore).
Here is a draft of the difference between Weak and Strong ergodicities for correction by @ole_b_peters pic.twitter.com/GfnlksQy7e
That's the weirdest thing. Ashkenazis.
Actually no “Arab” in Sicily.
Could be....Jewish Kohanim
I always start by giving benefit of doubt  as I did w 538.
To cross-check I have the right density.
Like British India. Rulers were R1b R1a I etc. assuming the Dorian story true. But majority like today’s
Added proof that stopping time dist sums to 1 as T \to \infty pic.twitter.com/ItGTyBuuww
Either I had too much arak last night or the x/1-x of @MarcosCarreira is wrong. The second approach is similar to Saint Petersburg. pic.twitter.com/LRq9qJ0dom
4) Note from above that to be rich in Europe, one has to use the state. This is what happens when you live under the invasive, large, powerful, centralized State.  We were heading in that direction under Obama and his crony capitalists.
It is not a BS claim: it is UK/Europe, states-dominated, where we are heading.
3) Example: Under Obama bankers got in 2010 the largest bonus pool ever, engineered by Tim Geithner. Geithner later got a high paying job in the industry.
2) For the slow at getting it, using fame attained *thanks to* the office to sell book contracts is different from attaining fame selling books.  Government service is not an investment strategy. Gabish?
Saint Petersburg, sort of... Derivations to come.
Koura DNA
Something tells me should be Sin[z] on rhs pic.twitter.com/Fp9UlCj6ZT
No if you take the limit t->\infty you get a different result than n->\infty. So NEVER the same probability measure. @ole_b_peters
Actually, same population
Skin in the game. Verbal predictions are verbiage.
Same DNA. Actually it is from Hebrew Eliezer, became Eli-Azar then Al Azar.
Actually g_t = () \times \delta t as endpoint. It grows with t and we can handle it by taking  \lim{t \t0 \infty} \frac{g_t}{t}.
Are you in NY? Come to my lektchur tomorrow if you are. Lextchchur 1
By some coincidence posted my review of his other book on AMZN.
Ordered minutes before your remark pic.twitter.com/ZebowupCWx
I deal with uncertainties.  And I am not that fond of "categorizations".
ReLU is excellent, even for other convexities. pic.twitter.com/9dKPy3R6A9
I wonder if Lakens boy @lakens has comments as, although quite verbagiastic & ignorant (he is a f***ng psychologist), he was indirectly useful with previous versions.
Mathematics offer certainties but not effectiveness  Engineering offers effectiveness but not certainties  Social Science offers neither certainties nor effectiveness
Merci bien!
Facile a lire? J'attend ma copie.
I read your paper. The problem comes from the transformation PRIOR to PCAs. Indeed, a problem, but one that does not exist here.
Not the same problem, Stephen. This is very robust. The PCAs are unique since L-2 and data is 55K points. Ordinal/Rand stats preserve when you change norms such as differential entropy (my favorite)
For the other one, yes, but not until Zalloua's paper is published.
No, there is quite a bit if variance along the line.
8) OK, let me be blunt.  How many professions do you know, other than the ones where physical attributes are essential, where the modus "sleep your way up" prevails?
Exactly. It makes it very easy to block nitpickers.
Here is the refinement of genetic distance principal components. pic.twitter.com/NkCYDDlSoY
I block pple who refer to misanthropy.
7) Now a harder questchon: what is the proportion of actors who voted for Hilary Monsanto-Malmaison?
You just answered with your stupid question. Why do people ask actors not engineers?
6) Remember: actors are trained to not seem stupid.
Exactly the problem. 1) Actors are trained to NOT seem stupid. 2) They carry more credibility than other unqualified something.
My problem isn't with actors so much as with the way they are sudden qualified to dictate stuff to the rest of us.
I just put this in my katest paper: Lognormal at high \sigma or hight T becomes a proto-Cauchy: all the average will come from a simple observation. So it ceases to be a probability distribution, but a Dirac.
5) And for the slow thinkers on the thread, you don't see gynecologists or train engineers lektchuring the rest of the world on virtue.  Actors do.  Gabish?
IMBECILE, nobody is stopping them; I am just exposing their credibility. Gabish?
Mr Monaghan, you don't seem to get the point. Actors are forcing opinions on the rest of us because they IMPERSONATE, an authority they should not have.
Do you have a bankruptcy condition for the arithmetic random walk?
3) I do not know many industries where people are hired either a) on looks, or b) ability to impersonate what one is not.
I doubt many industries hire people mostly on looks.
No, ignorant. I am not using my personal experience as EVIDENCE, only as a hint to get more evidence. If in 1000s of parties I never met an actor, the info has SOME value. Ignorant!
Would I have met him if he weren't 1) your son, 2) a physicist?
2) Romans banned actors from marrying, even mixing with citizens.  Same dynamics in modern times, but self-inflicted: engineers can mix w/gynecologists... actors stay with actors. Look at the funerals of "gens du spectacle".
You are very confused. "Intellectual" doesn't mean famous, just someone who engages in some classes of activities. Actor is someone who acts, not necessarily successfully.
Actually, I've lived in NY for 35y and never met an actor. Not once.
And what proportion of people live in NY (or LA)? My point.
To understand why what happens in Hollywood is irrelevant to the rest of humans:  1) How many ACTORs do you have among your friends?  2) How many ACTOR friends do your friends have?  Actors rarely mix with real people.
@ole_b_peters Hello, Tuesday is my lektchur 1 on Risk & Extremes, looking for  most pedagogical example of two BENIGN processes that have time Expectation != space Exp. I recall you showed a simple one (can't remember when/where) want to use yours & credit you instead of mine.
Used to.
Does Miurhead require positive values? Otherwise an interesting angle. pic.twitter.com/R6QCrdd2SV
Imbecile
Make sure we have a chance to chat; shout if someone stops you.
But there were 4 Syrian emperors: Severus Alexander, Elagabalus, etc.
He was from the Decapolis,  not the same meaning then as it is today.
Because I like foie gras.
We are not doing any press "promotion" for the book! No books to reviewers (except in France).  Why?  Just to verify that the Media is something of the past.
Lésh 3am tésta3mel l7arf l3arabé?
We use gerund as  verb in Leb, not in Jarabic.
Arabic gerund would be أن اكل Different here 3am békol is equivalent to  انا اكل
2) Appendix with proofs pic.twitter.com/58N5AY0m8P
1) Completed the first technical piece for 2018. You should never ever pay attention to positive "statistically significant" results under fat tails! pic.twitter.com/RauEn641s9
I am NOT an Arab. Gabish?
Monte Korlo pic.twitter.com/CoNDg4MeDZ
Typos pic.twitter.com/ucMJozGSdN
Mafi al lta3rif bilseryene
Voila,  with @financequant pic.twitter.com/fOxdYo5qEK
Of course! He was a mensch.
Very counterintuitive. I feel the tail in my bones. Should be <4%
Not the point. What the entertainer/bullshitvendor  @SamHarrisOrg calls "science" isn't rigorous science but low-grade scientism. Science doesn't make overreaching claims on how to act outside its narrow domain.
Salam is NOT a Lebanese salutation. Please use English!
3) Which is why those self-styled "scholars" aren't scholars but derivative academic rent-seeking rats.  Better to define yourself as "flaneur".
But watch out these ratios work in reverse: a high "H" ratio means someone is gaming the system by publishing too many papers, indicative of hyperactive academic mediocrity.  Many great mathematicians have 4 or 5 papers.
2) Likewise things that have "democratic" in them, s.a. "democratic republic of Korea/China, etc..." or "Democratic Party" of U.S. aren't democratic but narrowly elitist.
NYT is lauching its ad slogan: "Truth".  Those in the business of saying the truth don't advertise that they are saying the truth, except by taking risks in saying the truth.  Remember that the Soviet's offical organ was called Pravda, "Truth" in Russian.
Kif ba2a? Mush mazbut
Yes I did it in French
Yes I meant not effective
Taken naively, a haplogroup is insignificant for an individual. But because of correlation it works well for groups. But it misses minority effects.
Mr Kausel, are you very, very stupid or you aren't following my argument?
Why are you putting revealed prefs in my argument with Tetlock? Why can't you try to get the real point before bloviating?
But we can figure out a bit about "slavs" from Volga Viking plus mixtures, no?
We are progressively getting data of both modern and Bronze age stuff, for autosomal, which makes the game much, much easier.
International Association of Name Droppers (IAND)  ( What I called the Davos WEF in The Black Swan)
Depends on what you mean by "Official". Claudius?
Brute Force. pic.twitter.com/jFC359ymIV
Ma fi sha3b bala lghgha  Ma fi lghgha bala 2adab Ma fi 2adab bala ktebe
Hayda meno mazbout; ma7ada fi y2oul shukenet el ligha wa2ta. Ktir ma32oul kinna ni7ke mitanni w 7itti  fo2 bl shmel.
I am saying that you are a pure IMBECILE.  I found it interesting that Sanders and I are related, genetically, sharing a common ancestor.    J2 is not "Semitic" anyway but ANATOLIAN.  The way you reacted proves you are an IMBEEEEEEEEECILE.
Imbecile, it is MY Haplogrop.
Turns out to be 0 to solve for the constraint \sum = 1.
 pic.twitter.com/xM8anTA93X
I block nitpickers.
mitl l Inglisé!
Here is the new general formula. Let me know if it deserves a write up. pic.twitter.com/6d0Ws1YQ8B
Saif, be nice to Stan.
Saif, listen to Stan. Be paranoid.
@saifedean please answer Stan
Best squid ink pic.twitter.com/jChzMqib4m
Squid ink pic.twitter.com/oVBbNZ3XJB
Hahahahaha.
cc:@LuisBun
Actually, second answer, measure distances in "travel time" (L1), Eucledian distance, or other. Subsaharans is longer since EuroMeds are circular.
The dots are too big here. Look at the first graph in thread, which I reduced >20 times.
The study was initially looking for neolithic Levant. No bias, just emphasis.
Here is Pierre Zalloua's @PZalloua  version using ~complete DNA. It includes Bronze age DNA, which is significant to show that what we had in Roman times was not too different from what we got today (Brownian Bridge reasoning). pic.twitter.com/07bSUmiBdL
They are all variants of a nonlinear "corner"
Killings took place 2 generations before grandmother and in Damascus. Try again. You seem to have an idea in mind (Sur. Bias.) and want to apply it. Not how it works.
I brought them down to ALL sums of Diracs. See above
Yes but all use sigmoidal or other transforms. No?
I block people for sophistry.
So you are holding that because I disagree with you on Trump, that I am blind to argument? WTF is this self-serving reasoning?
Don't be silly. Discent is one thing, lecturing on style is another.  Gabish?
It is even worse. There is a Plos paper in 2015 showing "landmark" cancer stuff replicated 11%
In my language they are the same. Maybe it is language. The 2nd column is the mass function for the stopping time. You can take the cumulative, but I don't know if that's what you are looking for. If it is, I can do a latex file.
7) The hockey stick represents the payoff of the option, which is why Deep Learning feels so natural to deriv. traders, but not overeducated and miseducated social scientists.
It is the probability of getting an ace at period n+1 conditional on not having gotten one the periods before. Helps get the maximum and the expectation.
6) So this is a great way to show how the framework used by nudgeboy @R_Thaler & other psychology BS vendors is unrigorous & why their "science" is pseudo-science.  Machine learning, just like Antifragile, is based on the logic of organic reality.
Please show extent of "survivorship bias". I know it is tempting to say a cute thing but don't use concepts without understanding their application.
Basically this is the kernel pic.twitter.com/dVXPeXxSAG
5) So whatever in the world is robustly (and locally) forecastable NEEDS to fold into that decomposition, as aid.
4) Even more exciting is that I wrote 2 books Dynamic Heding & Antifragile on same convex-concave decomposition. So I am sooooooooooooo thrilled to see that Machine Learning is based on convexity. My medical chapter in AF makes the applications to Medical Diagnostics obvious! pic.twitter.com/yRRmSoWuAY
Yes. "Forecasting" is a poor description.
My grandmother did not want me to forget this.  Shiites were also routinely massacred. pic.twitter.com/wIukIzw8ER
3) This explains why machine learning "forecasting" works: it doesn't forecast events but series of layered rules, at different scales. EXCITING!
2) Both methods aim at getting rid of the VERBALISTIC: most risks, exposures,  forecasts in the real world are not expressed into simple words, because of nonlinearity.  This is my bone with verbagiastic @PTetlock. Machine learning transcends that via same atomic hockey sticks.
1) The Uncanny resemblance betw. DEEP LEARNING and my CONVEX PAYOFF FUNCTION, the *Dynamic Hedging* decomposition's approach.  Statistical machine learning decomposes functions into hockey sticks (similar to figure on left). So do we break every payoff into sums of atomic ones. pic.twitter.com/UEMncZaCpi
Not the point. People bothered by my message disguize their complaint as *personal advice* which I find odious.
What makes you think I care about your advice?
1) and 2) give the same. 3) gives 1 so it seemed trivial. Clearly the person who wrote the test needs to get on MathTwitter for some training.
So minorities thrived in an environment because there was the EXACT opposite to the “equal opportunity” act.  Which is why I believe Social Justic Warriors always produce the exact opposite to what they seem to want.
My grandmother explained to me why many family members were doctors, & almost all doctors in the Ottoman empire were Christians (or Jews). “They won’t kill you if you can heal them”, she said.
And the replies by some Social Justice IYIs that these minorities were “oppressors” are BSp. Minorities went into trade because they were discriminated against for government/military jobs. They were DHIMMIS, for God’s sake! Antifragility: stressors made them stronger. SJ idiots.
This is a first, simple explanation to how multiplicative processes lead to power laws.  Mandelbrot thought preferential attachment was nice, but not the reason behind these.
The reason is EXCLUSION of minorities from civil and military jobs. Stop this PC BS.
I did this breathing the Moscow air in the airport, so sorry to be theoretical. pic.twitter.com/bP1eAhgQh3
No.
QUIZ DU JOUR: Who is the true father of the distinction thin-tails/fat tails?
Sub-imbecile, Denbo, Varadhan dealt with thin-tails. Read Silent Risk, imbecile. And Russell didn't even deal with probabilistic payoffs. As to Mandelbrot, I gave him his dues. Sub-imbecile.
Genetic distance between Greeks and Lycians was minimal, Greeks emerged from Anatolia in the Bronze age. It is still minimal.
When you increase kurtosis probabilities drop!
In silent risk: payoff swamps probability for large deviations!
No, the plot is deeper. Cannot explain.
No
The plot thickens
And, a low probability event: Aeroflot serves squid ink! Appetizer and main course. pic.twitter.com/iPBsMNs2JP
I also vehemently deny the rumor that I understand Russian. I deny.
Moscow had 6 minutes sunshine in December
Conspiracy theorists: I am transiting in Moscow airport. 3 hours...  They had something like only a few minutes of sunshine in past month. pic.twitter.com/ZrAAG96fVf
You will notice that I only address their audience.
There are too many psychologists who need some disciplining.
You are repeating verbiagisasticTetlock's claim is that it "helps with decision". No, It protects systems & removes those who harm others since they end up harming themselves.  In general verbiagisastic Tetlock produces nonsense as he doesn't even get the problem.
The genetic map of mankind looks like a triangle with 3 corners, points on only 2 sides, & almost nothing in the interior. The vertical axis counts less than the horizontal one as the 1st PC explains the bulk of the distance.
Each dot is ~55000 pieces of info
The method is explained very very well on Wiki pic.twitter.com/r976uAeVqY
Ignore colors, they refer to samples.
To understand the Mary Beard BBC cartoon problem, here is a 2-D genetic distances of the world (PCA); the map seems to work (if you are confused about Peru, it is not without a reason). Wonder if someone has seen a 3-D PCA cc:@PZalloua pic.twitter.com/xLRSGI51FN
Guru you got tickets.
4) For Context about #nudgeboy's misunderstanding the very concept of Skin in the Game. pic.twitter.com/TstvWlxrRA
3) Other problem nudgeboy @R_Thaler holds (in support of verbiagiastic @PTetlock) that a psychological experiment can show ... how can hide risk?  How can a psychological experiment reveal RISK HIDING and the Bob Rubin Trade? Who is he fooling? pic.twitter.com/yNKR8gtH1w
OK, relative...
3) I had some restraint with @PTetlock for past years until yesterday when he used the "best-selling author" to dismiss my technical arguments; Finance professor @WGoetzmann did same with"airport books").  Given what I know about his probabilistic understanding, Tetlock is done.
EVERY single person who took risks knows it.
3) This list summarizes what's wrong with behavioral economics. A more expanded piece to follow. pic.twitter.com/VKVQKfyFGX
2) In fat tailed environments, or under trial-and-error convex payoff, how often one is wrong has no bearing for those w/#skininthegame. The payoff from tail success will dominate.  Pretty much everything done by psychologists on probability, @rthaler or others, is pure garbage
En general, un vrai chercheur universitaire devrait présumer que, par déontologue, 'un autre chercheur qui publie des papiers a quelque chose derriere son interview dans un magazine, Monsieur @MarcLipountz.
3) ALPHA MALE PRIVILEGE  Trump’s voters have no illusion: they elected an alpha male with the “defects” that come with it.  They knew they were’nt electing a pope, a schoolteacher, or an Ottoman eunuch.
Preferences: I only go to interesting places.
KPACIVO pic.twitter.com/hvP38aH8wn
This is a stochastic control problem.
Andrew, for Systemic effects and ecology we ALL have skin in the game.
FBR? It was about people who are eventually wiped out and exit the system under the condition of using theirs --not other people's funds. Just like bad drivers eventually die.
2) In other words, as Yogi Berra said: "You can't tell them if they don't know"
Mote precisely we may use as decision rule: probability that next draw exceeds y is 50% or whatever, otherwise fold.
Will finish later pic.twitter.com/6LALbwBOAS
It is analytically so: the expectation of the max of a uniform r.v. from n draws is n/n+1
KA3AKCTAH pic.twitter.com/v1FfQiMjP0
All of insurance is based on survival functions.
Mr Oseroff, only an idiot can inform someone that his book is a garbage book with twitter handle and be surprised to be “insulted”.
Is this the backup to your slanderous assertion?
I am talking to the other idiot, Mister Oseroff
12) When I talk abt Lebanese war, I talk from #skininthegame & eyewitness:  mortar shells in my bedroom, blood of victims on my clothes, disastrous finances, house blown up, family members as hostages, cargo boat rides to Cyprus...  Won't be lecktchured by some low IQ pseudolib.
Mr "philosopher" did I ever state "there's no black Romans in London?" Please find exact exhaustive citations supporting position.   BTW that's the Black Swan problem.  Now, please go find support.
11) This said I am now in an Armenian (Aleppo) restaurant in East Beirut.
Easier pic.twitter.com/B7ADeij0Es
Waiting for an invitation
Could be typos... pic.twitter.com/7ofiOk2Q4f
10) "Histories" of the Lebanese war whitewash Palestinians and demonize Christians. They omit the Damour pogrom, in which Christians saw aims at ethnic cleansing similar to what was done to Armenians. Having learned from Armenians, Christians fought back.
Not true. In the South they ran the place. Jordan was Sunni. In Leb they called for ethnic cleansing.
But Palestinians were running their own affairs, they had their own army. The Lebanese govt could not enter their zones.
9) Meanwhile there has to be a minority rule harming the Palestinians by contagion. They displace independent Palestinians such as @saifedean (libertarian/localist) who, as libertarians, have for ethical mission to be model citizens.
8) The thread started with a "cool" remark.   So being on the "left" and "pro-Palestinian" means condoning ethnic cleansing/ extermination, even genocide of Christian minorities in the Levant (not counting the Allawites and Shiites).   These are typical "left" wing Arabist values pic.twitter.com/SrWP7UQc7d
Yes, there was HUGE opposition by Palestinians in Kuwait to Arafat as Saddam was winning! Who the hell are you fooling? Who?
Who are you BSing? How many Palestinians were deported? 95%?
Block this hypocrite, Marcelle
in Book
You still don't realize that they acted as if they owned Lebanon until 1975? Imbecile.
6) Let me reexplain.  I am a localist, a la Swiss, pro-subsidiarity; pple have the right to self-organize; be neighbors not roommates & let their municipality run its affairs; I am anti repressive top-down universalist system.  Left/Right classifications are for pol-sci idiots.
5) I am tired of people pointing to doctored-up Wikipedia pages of massacres AGAINST Palestinians, downplaying the trigger of first POGROMS (s.a. Damour) BY Palestininans?  Similar to the Syrian war propaganda making it look like Evil gov vs Jihadi Saints.
4) I am a child of the Lebanese civil war. Before the war I had been stopped by Palestinian at roadblocks & received gratuitous abuse by their "soldiers" simply because I was a 15 year old Lebanese (Christian).  It was common. We were FED up  #Skininthegame not some pseudolib BS.
3) In 100 years of Armenian presence in Lebanon, all you hear are reports of an industrious community that tried to help.   As to Palestinians' model: biting the hands that fed them HAS BEEN their modus operandi.  They did the same in Koweit, siding w/Saddam against their hosts.
2) It was a declared objective for Arafat that "the road to Jerusalem goes through (Maronite stronghold) Jounieh".
Excellent. Syria (->Antioch) is NOT Bilad el Sham (Damascus)
Bravo!
Exactly. You don't try to change the place that invited you.
When immigration is done by single individuals, it is immigration. When done by groups, it is invasion.
This #Beirut film is no different from "Borat" meant to be about Kazakhstan, in which the cast was mostly Romanian Romas speaking Hebrew.
Lebanon is far from both Algeria and Morocco.  Have you been there?
You want to be blocked?
Blocked
The movie #Beirut was filmed in Morocco with NO Lebanese cast and not a single connection to Beirut other than the name.
Same in Leb, though a lot more Arabized than Leb.
Talking about political divergence
Best Twitter (and general) strategy: block any person psychopathologizing another, particularly when there is political divergence. (Use if accusations s.a. “narcissist”, “inf/superiority complex”, etc.)  Remember: psychology is junk science.
Squid ink Phoenician style in Central Phoenicia pic.twitter.com/zOEB1Sfquh
It is in the dropbox.
It's a very long Sunday afternoon in Northern Lebanon. You need to put things in perspective.
I think I spoke to Ugo in Italian once in Milan.
Fixed Typo pic.twitter.com/joAHm6dtN7
Overkill. You can tell the difference between a mathematician and an applied mathematician at the love of special functions. pic.twitter.com/WqXVHNdkgX
I can the olive trees from which oil was producds. pic.twitter.com/qmXMRnPJ7K
Tonight  @_mmgh
Every single item at the Sunday extended family Lunch in Amioun has an  indigenous name. No Arabic. pic.twitter.com/wN1OGDjSB0
Typo pic.twitter.com/gg2xBwZ06v
No
Denial being of course a necessary but insufficient condition.
Driving
I've been there maybe 10 times w/Gray & Appleyard.
2012, 2016, Ian Mc Guilchrist, Alain de Botton, Brian Appleyard, John Gray, @rorysutherland  John Gray always there. pic.twitter.com/UxOpx9etz7
If there us to a piece of advice from me you want to remember, take the following:  Never use Google Maps in Beirut. Never.
I am never angry.
Do you have the Significance piece? Thanks
You want a Brownian motion with positive drift.
Technically, it is nowhere differentiable, at all scales.
If his LINEAR R^2 shows .91, he should have shown it not a nonlinear fudge.
Can't wait...
coffee/water
Parigi pic.twitter.com/QbvMKi14Q7
In Paris with @MarcosCarreira arguing about the most "elegant" solution. He is using overlapping tuples, I am using the Multinomial distribution.  (Marcos is doing a PhD in Math Finance at Ecole Polytechnique) pic.twitter.com/qQ0AssTkws
"Jouer sa Peau" dans Philosophie magazine. pic.twitter.com/NbdXTkRdir
Lack of introspection about one's error rate.
Almost
The unfortunate part of breaking a fast: makes you less aggressive, less active in BS debunking, less of a hunter.   You need to act *while* fasting.  I had on my agenda setting @jordanbpeterson straight/ teaching him a lesson on reasoning, science & ethics; becomes less urgent.
Sokrates used to walk around the house delaying his meal as he held that hunger was the best seasoning. (#Antifragile)  Fasting can turn any meal into a Michelin 3 star.
Bone marrow. It makes fasting easy when you know the exact reward. pic.twitter.com/BKhHZchqFD
Paris: breaking the second fast (40h) pic.twitter.com/YeLNQubZGN
Maestro, the formulation has one vagueness: can one person be shot at by two people? I assume so, but need to confirm. (If injective, then straightforward partial derangement.)
T3ysh lghetna
This will hopefully convince @turlevnon @Learn_lebanese @WeAreLebanon @_LebaneseMemes_
We spent only 500 y out of the past 2300 away from Med powers (Alexander then Byzantium then Ottoman).  So that’s Lindy.
No
La nes2al @oldlevantine
Friedman's "mistake" was not functionally a mistake: they just didn't consider epistemic probability as probability. Will explain. Maybe maestro @HarryDCrane can rehabilitate Friedman.
No. Static load, stand still.
Solution for the Christmas binge:   Fast 45 hours, visit the gym during the fast, and you are done.
Even after degradation from bed rest/ no stressors?
What makes you think that I would know anything abt the Golden Globe?
So we can call it the Tolstoy-Friedman rule.  Milton Friedman (who was a remarkable statistician) used to tell students: "If you don't see it in Ordinary Least Squares (OLS), it's not there."
Exchange rate.
In other words, as Tolstoy told us: "You can be linear in only one way, nonlinear in zillions of ways."
Very honored and will be there but didn't know I was a speaker.
3) The point is not that he thought that Debt =>Wealth, but that what he had constituted a definitive "scientific proof" and that, to him, the problem was settled.
It was a "f**** idiot" because I deleted the interesting part.
Between 1600 and 1970?
His "proof" was: Debt was up => GDP/inventions went up.   He could not get that, also "Smoking went up => GDP went up" or "pollution => GDP went up".  So I called him an idiot.
I once called Michael Wolf (Trump's biographer) a IDIOT to his face at a London dinner Q&A event 6 years ago.  (He claimed having an "indisputable scientific proof" that debt "caused" prosperity, the industrial/technological revolutions...)  @rorysutherland @Silva
I love the weather.
Will look at it next.
No such genes.
Imbecile
I would be honored to be read by Iranians for free.
Call someone in Basta; you will see.
Yuuuuge point by Roger Makhlouf: We don't quite and never had  “ص”, “ض”, “ط”  in Lebanese. It is just the "Basta aleph" pic.twitter.com/Bi3huAWabG
One see an explanation to the statement by Jelinek: "when you fire a linguist, speech recognition improves". pic.twitter.com/aFsLEGyCWG
The mystery comes from independence, memorylessness somehow.
Another solution to the marriage problem (added derivation for n \to \infty).   Somehow 1/e pops up where you never expected it. pic.twitter.com/AdjzaFZXO3
Hi, What happened to your friend’s dog?
Maybe you're not fit to read Antifragile.
I like the weather. Very invigorating.
A very useful heuristic, a potent filter:  When someone criticizes you, train to immediately ask yourself:  "Would I rather be him/her, or I'd rather be me?" before taking the remark at face value.  It works wonders.  #SkinintheGame
Typo (ceiling not floor) pic.twitter.com/Ay5S5Fmv3b
1) Singapore is a case in point: The founder said that the culture changed with ... air conditioning. 2) You don't debunk a conjecture with exception. Go do some thinking.
2) I mean that when it's cold, you try to do things to just stay warm (higher entropy), when it's hot you try to be as inactive as possible (min entropy). And when you are Mediterranean you cheat with spezzatura.
Confusing my enemies.
Don;'t tell anyone there.
CONJECTURE du jour: When I first encountered ENTROPY, years ago, it hit me that: + In cold countries, civilizations are built to maximize entropy, + In hot ones, civilizations  are built to minimize entropy, + the Med, uniquely, does both or neither. (this morning, in Celsius) pic.twitter.com/67YzZXjDVM
Answering @VergilDen pic.twitter.com/p3XvXo6zX9
Trump shows his emotions. A bit different.
Happening fast!
3) Commentary by anyone who       a) ruled out Trump 's election,        b) thought mahket wd collapse if Trump elected       c) thought Trump wd be impeached within 1y  should be ignored.   Can only use Krugman-style IYIS is Uber drivers or something requiring low understanding.
Feynman is not flawless. Also, he was exposing, not boasting.
Dear Re:Invention, I hate book promotions, talking to journos, etc. The book said it will take care of itself.
The expectation of a new "record" is of order log(n) so with any linear penalty you choose early.
2) In other words, if reality continously delivers something that doesn't "make sense" to you, it is *you* that you need to worry about.
1) When a collection of journos getting around minimum wage call someone consistently successful "an idiot", one is entitled to invoke Wittgenstein's ruler:  you don't just use a ruler to measure the table, but the table to measure the ruler.  (in Fooled by Randomness) pic.twitter.com/vhEqJJsJZK
Yes.
Interesting, you get an additional constant this time. The Euler-Mascheroni one.
I travel a bit
No
I am declaring email bankruptcy. Starting from scratch. I have >2000 unread emails (from senders I don't know). pic.twitter.com/RQQaJ463rJ
How do you know that sh*t? What do you do for a living?
Another: is showing off a departure from virtue? pic.twitter.com/OkDinTZebQ
Another question pic.twitter.com/FIrEnLEbBr
He did the right thing
Never publicly refuse an award. pic.twitter.com/URXBaYvat2
This may clear up that linguistic classifications, while useful in a domain, are too binary for cultural distances. pic.twitter.com/UFgUld7ukv
I am here for twitter fights that help kill time at the gym
1 month!
Squid ink. pic.twitter.com/37Xjlv5QzU
Thnks!
Trying for fun on my next trip... But can't get entropy from this. pic.twitter.com/cXOzTDLOw0
typo: I meant independent orthogonal components (PC) not PCAs
The way to look at languages... pic.twitter.com/zJK26Ajhmo
Unrelated: Does the "b" in Sicilian (for "p", u besh for pesce) come from Arabic aerial infl?
OK, so ard comes from Arabic. No problemo.
This is why differential entropy is not even symmetric. A can understand B does not mean B understands A.
My point, if you read well, is that it may have never changed. We don't know how Tsadeh was pronounced.
So to clarify you mean it went away in Phoenician, then reappeared in Arabic?
Testen Not in Krahmalkopv pic.twitter.com/guZXot5dRp
Chuck H., you just defined cross-entropy as a distance.
Things I learned in 2017 1) Genetics: thet need a norm corrector for PCA maps. Similar to finance with STD->MAD. pic.twitter.com/nvNjYaNsaD
and Ukraine!
And Georgia!
Let's stop for now. Parsimonious REQUIRES independence and no cross-terms. The entire methodology is inferentially unrigorous. We can resume in the future.
You're not getting it. What is the origin of the Arabic qalb?
Geneticists never categorize you as "X" based on haplogroups or markers, only use distance across a minimum of 2 independent benchmarks.
You assume I haven't read it? You are profoundly ignorant across all.
@cghaberl is the only linguist in this debate who understands that categorization is arbitrary. He intuited the statistical problem that caused geneticists to rely on *independent* PCAs in establishing "distances" rather than categories.
Merry Christmas to my Armenian, Russian, and other nonGreek Orthodox friends.
Linguists try to model on geneticists, but geneticists rely ONLY on independent PCAs. This idiot van Putten invoked Dunning-Kruger when he is unknowingly stepping on MY discipline, statistics.
Ghassan, look at the rest of the thread with Lameen/Boxenhorn. As you intuited, one can only assert categorization/distance via independent variables. I reexplained in my article. This Putten doesn't even realize he is BS vending.
We need you back!
Lameen's main error is treating autosomal DNA as haplogroups (rules that come down whole). You NEVER compare 2 individuals from haplogroups/haplotypes but from autosomal.
Look at what just popped in my FB! The 3 of us! The day I learned abt the minority rule. pic.twitter.com/jsoJlyJKkT
Strange: they need n-> \infty for that when I just took \Delta t ->0.
At least in genetics we know how we *should*  measure distance between A and B.
You can reframe the problem as a stopping time one. When do you stop? A bit more complicated.
At the level of vocabulary, if you are comparing 2alb, to lb and qlb, because they depend on one another, you construct PCA1 PCA2 (if 95%) and compare the 3 to these, then get 2D linguistic distance on map.
This is what I have been telling Lameen for a while. Meanwhile this allowed me to read enough linguistics to realize that the problem is even worse but can be rectified.
This is exactly what science means. In genetics has the stamp of science because they use PCAs that are "meaningless to 99.999...% of people" because that's the right thing to do.
So 1/e doesn't come from Poisson but from memorylessness.
This is the right question:colinearity is the problem. If if x comes from y and y comes somewhat from z and x comes somewhat from z, you have a problem. They need to be made ORTHOGONAL, by PCAs. You can only compare independent variables that way.
No, what can be a problem is 1) "rules on the fly" and not others, 2) generalizations from the grammatical shift to other traits. It is better to use other terms to describe "decendence" when it is not so clean.
Which is why since I have been doing DNA analyses, I feel linguistics genetics are patched up, imitations of something that should not be used that way.
Bingo. If a classification is certain (Italian is Latin, Leb is Semitic) it is one thing. If a classification is not certain, don't use it as it passes for certain. It is not science.
It is exactly the point: because it is memoriless, probability is independent of time.
This continuum idea is highly ad hoc: if makes for weak not strong categorization.
ימח שמו וזכרו
Also Semitic: yim7e smo w zkro.
2) A way to start... pic.twitter.com/0izfd2HUWm
1) pic.twitter.com/zNz19bZedf
Exactly my point. It is offensive.
Yes about right.
15) And that abstract language nobody has seen called "proto-Arabic" is has to have Arabic in it , not Zwinglob, Schwing, or some other less offensive name, which would have made framing less effective.
14) The other politically motivated aspect of the discussion lies in adding "Arabic" as a designation (even if true): Lebanese "Arabic" not Lebanese "Semitic",and  not: Croatian Slavic, Ukrainian Slavic, Catalan Spanish, Norwegian Germanic, Russian Germanic....
Almost NO Arabic pple settled in Leb.
We know how many and where they went from genes.  TK
No, Dr Mulder, you subsequently REDEFINED the area as "Islamic" based on museum classification.
Without specifying a probability distribution, just a probability p: (Latex coming) pic.twitter.com/njpebL8Vd9
There is another problem: framing. Once you give something a name and a category, it binarizes in people's mind, which is why labels are manipulative. In some place, they work well, in others, they cause monstrous deformations.
No, nitwit it means "know what to, and what not to, predict"
A good predictor is someone who knows what not to predict.
A good predictor is someone who knows *what* to predict.
Pronounciation is often areal diffusion (the French "r" doesn't make it German)
13) Here @lameensouag nitpicking my list based on g->j, s<-> sh, k->kh, etc. pronounciations. But we say Yesou3 for Yeshou3 (Jesus) though from Aramaic (Arabic is 3issa), Juwwa from Aram. bgaw, etc. It would be classifying Mod. Hebrew as Germanic because w->v, 7->ch, p->ph.
Not one of them visited Saudi Barbaria, so they got confused about what "Arab" meant.
No, it is my point. There are flows back and forth.
You need to do you homework before bullshitting, Mr Dunning-Kruger. Ma is also likely to come from Anatolia. Gabish?  @oldlevantine pic.twitter.com/5fmDtbjDmY
"... mfakkir 7olo ibn kholto?
Added this to text... pic.twitter.com/XsdHZe5ej5
Took care of that idiot see my thread.
BTW I said low IQ "Arabist" not Arab, so think about it in connection to my piece about Western linguists unskilled at science trying to teach me abt my native language...
8) PS- Moral of the story: if you even invoke the "Dunning Kruger effect" against someone as a way to degrade his knowledge of the subject matter, expect yours to be degraded.
7) This is it for now as Mr Marijn van Putten  @phoenixnl no doubt needs to be establish accordance w/"scientific standards" first, his points later in accordance with rules of evidence.  In other words, no BS vending. If he can.  Good night, לילה טוב
6) Finally, as one can see Semitic linguistics is plagued with elementary rigor. Establishing intelligibility betw. Leb and Arabic doesn't flow from ad nauseam repetition, but something called EVIDENCE. And distinguising languages on the bases of 2-5 rules is called "fitting"
Actually we are trying differential entropy.  On that, soon.
Thanks Maestro.
No
The point is that 1) is such a definition of dialect in use? 2) is it narrow jargon? 3) it is BS vending?
Are you a professional linguist? Thanks
What I mean is that in the linguistics jargon can a dead language (Ancient Greek, Latin) from which a modern language descends (Modern Greek, Italian) be a "dialect" OF  that language? Can someone say that Ancient Greek is a DIALECT OF Modern Greek?
Is there a linguist in the room who can assert that Ancient Greek can be called a dialect of Modern Greek? Thanks in advance.  Can explain why.
Thanks! One should add that descriptive statistics don't work for time series (even within probability classes) except conditional on one asserting stationarity.
Thanks & apologies abt harshness about Semitic linguistics; they were addressed at statements about transmission: lateral (areal) vs genetic (vertical) is the problem, not the rigidity of the clustering. I fully accept all your points.
Hi apologies can explain. We met at Beth Mardutho I attended your lektchur on the Mandaeans. Will reply later but for now: North Lebanon (my language) has the Canaanite shift, not the rest. But the rest doesn’t vary. How is it indivisible? Thanks.
No. J1e is typically Peninsular.
He is sometimes funny.
The pan-Arabism project; they need the Lebs because more advanced.
Not the SAME words. Gabish?
Answers to this piece can help understand why Arabism has been such a glorious project, or why some countries resist economic & intellectual development.
Idiot, you are commenting on a piece you didn't read in full?
We need some comments by @QifaNabki & by the clown & Arabist @KarlreMarks
Lebanese was written in Syriac until the 1860s
You didn't realize that I am in agreement with this (read my article). THe point is that you need to PROVE it was not present in Canaanite/Aramaic/Other. THink before you post.
Indeed.
You need to say something that my piece doesn't answer. Gabish?
Do you have something smarter to say?
It was a pun because of my wish to NOT set foot in NJ
Imbecile.
Actually the 3 smartest things I did in 2017 were in New Jersey.  Once to meet @CutTheKnotMath   Once to meet @HarryDCrane and participate in his probability workshop  Once to eat auntie anne's pretzel dogs (next favorite thing after squid ink).
I explain in my Lindy Chapter. Psch only works when Lindy. Then why do we need psych?
Hahahahaha!
To emphasize that they are languages but Leb is a "dialect"
Of course, bullshitters don't like being debunked. And try with new arguments.
Doing a public service requires hurting the feelings of the offenders.
Where is your tweet on psychologists? I came to the gym to retweet it.
But his “nonwestern” philosophers are... racist. An imbecile.
No Mikhail, the fork comes from Nineveh. Today's Mosul. Descend from Assyrians.
All Turks aren't really Turks.  Look at the DNA. Gabish?
With 60 million people dead?
Exactly. Thaler doesn't know that "mental accounting" is needed for convexity of payoffs, that in a complex domain aggregate rationality diff from indiv.  But he knows that myopic loss aversion doesn't work under fat tails, that ecological effects need to be integrated. pic.twitter.com/xEWQh56st3
There are not "incomplete", they give results BACKWARDS.
When you try to sell 2-dimensional "solutions" to a deeper >3-D problem, and trying to make it pass for science, Mr Thaler @r_thaler, it is not called "idiot", it is not called "unrigorous", it is not called "distortion".  It is simply called bullshit vending.
Yes, the switch took place 100 years ago.
One warning: Secularization in Turkey came with extreme, murderous nationalism. When you abruptly remove religion, you get a lot of stuff: the mind doesn't like a vacuum. #Iran
No
Je l'imite souvent
So from coments it looks more like regimes give concessions BECAUSE they are doomed anyway. More of a signal.
Mr Rieff, who are you bullshitting?
You can be caught if wrong.
FTDNA. Did you get the haplogroup? I saw my cousin Anibal Jozami last week.
Ordered! And not because of the reference.
SPECULATION: A previously inflexible regime is doomed when it starts giving *partial* concessions/reform.  + Gorbachev + Iranian (1st) rev. + Russian rev. + Assad's release of Islamist prisoners + French rev.  More examples? Counteramples?
Thanks, will respond in text.
My point is that IT IS my discipline if it has anything to do with probability. Gabish?
Je l'ai revue.
I automatically block: 1) Sophists 2) Serial nitpickers --they kill dialogue by diverting it 3) Lobbyists (Monsanto, think tanks funded by Saudi Barbaria) 4) Pple who answer "stick to your discipline" instead of counterargument 5) Someone abusing language w/"racist", "nazi", etc.
Answering another Twitter Q. pic.twitter.com/AA1pGeAHXu
Answering a Twitter fellow. pic.twitter.com/AbA9zD5FfO
France took the upper class Parisian accent (prestige minority) but most of Paris spoke argot (Paname).
Yes you see local switches in my saddle point graph. pic.twitter.com/USHZ6EimPW
Yes, rulers converted to the religion of the province (Shehab for instance), but almost never INTO Druze (exception is Janbulad who is still not fully accepted). In Byblos/jerd/Kesrwan most conversions were Zoroastrian=>Shiite <=> Maronite.
I can tell the distance since I tried to do a Daf Yomi in my car (listening without text) and the only person I could understand is a NY rabbi from Aleppo who speaks with the Aleppo accent.
You mean Maronite? Anyway highest probability is J2a.
Mason Imbecile, there is nothing racist in debunking bullshit by historians via paternity tests --genetics allowed the understanding frequency of war, population movements, and minority rules.  Imbecile, racism means imparting superiority to some races over others.
Branko, do you realize that most people who are debating you I've blocked?
Plus ils ne roulent pas les r. Je comprend facilement un sepharade (maroccain ou yemenite). Plus difficilement un juif Européen qui me semble du yiddish. Les 5 voyelles absentes font une différence énorme.
3) This is an application of the minority rule: a small minority gives the accent.
No. the ח, ֵע, and many others (uncluding the 3ayin w/dot=>Ghayn) vanished. HEbrew is spoken with a Yiddish accent. What Sephardis gave is the stress on last vowel.
2) I am writing in Levantine and realized there is a clustering into  2 "formal" accents, Beirut and Damascus.
SECULATIVE PHILOLOGY DUJOUR Language follow prestige & by mimicry take accent of dominant class.  Hebrew: Ashkenazi accent (stripped of gutturals). Even young Seph use it. Leb: now Beirut upper class. Syria: most the "Shami" Damascus accent. French (Touraine=>Paris), Italian...
Looks like the Daou I found from public info is Druze. Will update.
Looks like there are 2 endpoints. The other is an interior point. Suffices to show that for concave solutions, max is at the a=b=c endpoint.
 pic.twitter.com/UVtwYmveHh
Mr Rieff, I would also defend my mother. But I would let others know I am defending my mother. Again, ethics.
Before, yes; after, no.
Saddle points. pic.twitter.com/h3vf0cJKpq
An illustration. Again, not a proof. pic.twitter.com/xWKkthfVer
Enjoy Barbados!
Hope this works pic.twitter.com/ppQhvAM7KL
How about this intuitive approach? 3 endpoints from the constraint: (a,b,c)= (1,1,1) (0,3/2^⅓,3/2^⅓) (0,0,3^⅓) Max is reached at (1,1,1) where =3, min is reached at other, 0
Yes but the lektchur notes similarity was scary.
The reason we started the institute is that Robert (former Renaissance partner) and I have nearly identical but independently developed lecture notes --down to the use of Mathematica.
Il est en vente a Paris.
Questio 4. Can you exchange social graces with a lobbyist, or an employee of a foreign funded think tank, say the @MiddleEastInst ? pic.twitter.com/3tMlZrEnGi
Questio 3. Should universities help their students by harming the collective? pic.twitter.com/yAwOTwBL59
Marcelle, that you had to invoke an event from 35 years ago directed at a military target is telling.
Compiling cases for the application of skin in the game. Questions welcome. pic.twitter.com/N427Hky45h
Peshitta for Syriac, Talmud for Aramaic.
3) This said, that while Saudi Arabian citizens (like Egypt) are obsessively antiWest (& antisemitic) while their government is friendly to West/Israel, the reverse is true for Iran.
2) Iran is mostly focused on local geopolitics, support of Shiites in area. Saudi Barbaria spreads intolerant Salafism in Europe, Asia, everywhere, funding terrorisms worldwide & financing headcutters. Plus  DIRECTLY exterminating Christians & Alawis in Syria, Copts in Egypt,
Do you realize you are comparing 1 event (23 years ago)  to 3000 events over the same period (incl. 9/11)?  Simply, one side is vastly more dangerous than the other.
Sorry, cannot shed the habit of using gamma functions. pic.twitter.com/vdqE1sqhZv
Voila pic.twitter.com/3ewUE1Dv2l
1/e. Derivations to follow.
Northern Iraq or Southern Iraq? Makes a yuuuge difference.
Supposedly the “unitarian” is taqiyya. So is the “book” to pass for ahl il kitab
A=> B doesn't mean nonA =>nonB. There are some genetic differences across groups, largely from isolation. In Syria divide is East vs West Syria.
5) Again I am NOT proposing a solution, just positing an ENIGMA, so please no overinterpretation.  Things can be random, papers may be disproved, ideas can be refreshed, researchers might be stretching for pub. But it is strange to find 2 gnostic creeds so far apart.  Gabish?
this is 10% of the total books. Other is messy & functional. Pics TK.
4) Something started buzzing in my head when, upon visiting Ireland, I surprised myself by describing the people as "blond Mediterraneans". Then I saw in a bookstore a book on Druids...
Malfunctioning bot
Olive oil
3/ When you read "Middle East", ignore, it's a mistake common in papers bef 2015. Means East Med (Anatolia/Levant). Another strangeness is the Galatians who were Celts in Asia Minor (St Paul to the Galatians). Finally @financequant thinks like an Anatolian Greek.
You need an agggggressive mind like @holland_tom for such enigmas.
ENIGMA DU JOUR: Why do the Irish & Druze have similar creed: + Only Druids/Sheikh 3aql initiated to mysteries + Belief in reincarnation + Gnosticism + Other similarities Now genetics show both gene flow Anatolia => Ireland  &  Anatolian origin of Druze. pic.twitter.com/XfNmrYsi4Y
Amazong
And, imbecile Denti, Swedes & Russians would be Iranian. Don't expose your ignorance on Twitter. pic.twitter.com/bL8HV4b9uk
No, Denti imbecile, it is because most Meds originate from the Caucasus/Zagros 10-20K years ago. You need subclades to time.
TK means proof "to come". Posted that derivs linear. pic.twitter.com/VwdPh2KO3e
Works? Deriv linear. pic.twitter.com/aetFmFdLwn
The extrema lies at the endpoint of [-1,1]. Proof TK pic.twitter.com/ugoUFFIJ6a
BTW the Lebanese Daou family paternal haplogroup is J2-M172 if you are related to them (I saw in database).  Don't know the subclade. That's the pure Caucasian Mediterranean, dominant in Cyprus, Crete, Greece, Southern Italy (Magna Grecia) and coastal Med. pic.twitter.com/vMh08aFbOa
My idea is to use regulation ONLY when skin in the game fails. I want to be protected from Monsanto.
Very well.
Graphical pic.twitter.com/Q4QkNQdBEA
Brute force solution. pic.twitter.com/ImcGBScQ3o
If you classify as nonwhite, then necessarily Greeks, Cypriots (and to some extent, Maltese) needs to be classified as so as they are very close genetically to Lebanese & Syrian Christians (except for Syrian Xtians from Hawran). Otherwise "white" becomes a political statement.
both
I drive a Tesla.
Corvin on Shiite Islam
Al Farabi -- Kitab 2l jam3 bayn r2y al 7akimayn
There are in the “other” profane room
Read, read, read. Do not learn grammar.
No, Nozick was out. I read 5 of his books, though. But I had to bite the bullet: time away from Cicero is time burned.
East-Med.  My theory is that people around the same body of water eat the same food and look the same: Baltic, North Atlantic, Adriatic, Red sea, PErsian Gullf->India, East Med (Cyprus, Turkey, Leb, West Syria, Greece).
Last summer, after rereading my Lindy chapter, to be consistent with my Skin in the Game principle, I threw away almost ALL my social science & books written by recent academics, except for 80% of history & 100% mathematical subjects.  4 carloads of books. (Eco in was salvaged) pic.twitter.com/4VhVkP0uOy
LINDY at WORK: The general idea is to work in the presence of real texts (mostly in the original) that remind you of Lindy, instead of the jelly compotte of academic wailing.  Not a single line of the SITG was written in the "other" library with contemporary marmelade. pic.twitter.com/N6RvXH8ESC
I can decipher, understand 35%. Waiting for the @BellesLettresEd bilingual ShahNomeh next year.
Actually, J2b1 (confirmed by his family)
Visual Explanation. pic.twitter.com/2pkRKzRfhA
Not Arabs.
There are "Arab" Christians only in Hawran, Jordan, & West bank.
No, imbecile. Means practice works better. Il faut penser un peu avant d'écrire.
As you can see.
OK, Maestro. pic.twitter.com/SxLtwO4oRe
Page 160. There are 4 volumes.
Tasso is bilingual.
No, that's Aramaic. Heb is Soncino Press Pentateuch shelf below.
Two different scripts, like Urdu and Hindi, or Serbian and Croation.
and Spanish.
By my writing desk: Books in Aramaic, Syriac, Hebrew, Arabic, French, Greek, Latin, (Medieval) Italian, English, randomly arranged. pic.twitter.com/9albU4h3qJ
Unorthodox, but works. pic.twitter.com/dhAJCTMlse
The more complex the world, the less you can grasp it from academic studies.
Tunisian itself is closest to Leb of all North Afr. languages.
Never literal, "bistraynté 3laik". Just like "shukran" is from textbook Arabic for tourists, native real Lebanese is "yeslamo" or "mamnum".
3am tarjem "Bed of Procrustes" 3al lébnéné (kin3ané/finy2é jdid). Fi shwayy ghalat (l "el" lezem tkun "l" mitlel finy2é) pic.twitter.com/GOOhEkMYW7
Probability in the Real World Lesson 101. pic.twitter.com/tcW5IkkDtf
Old friends don't attack old friends in public before contacting them.
Mush l 7ruf l3arabiyyé, bass l latiné bidoun l s3oubé.
Sans les Coptes, l'Egypte est finie.
No
Just saw the math.
You seem a bit thick. Prediction markets are binary, off well defined events. REAL markets are open.  Read a bit of what I wrote before tweeting.
Why verbal forecasting doesn't work in the real world. pic.twitter.com/m3dgdKHiuH
Alas, that's exactly the problem. More on that, later.
It is not just ergodicity. It is that "events" are rarely defined. Gabish?
Because sterile probability doesn't map to anything and "predictions" are ill-defined.
You good. Very good.
Yes but you fughedabout laaaaaaaziness.
Goat cheese camembert & other chevres, a Christmas gift from @Idyllfarms pic.twitter.com/4aeAGm0fQy
Actually I wrote the intro.
 pic.twitter.com/vTw1ySu1kr
Tetlock's error pic.twitter.com/L3Q2Scxtbf
No, it is also a wrong --ill posed-- question when the event is not defined.
It is ill defined *mathematically*
Why real world exposures CANNOT be described in words that map to a single probability pic.twitter.com/fntNJsyEo7
That will also educate Mr Tetlock on why events in the real world are different from events on paper verbalistically expressed. Most events are poorly described outside a kernel, especially under Fat Tails. pic.twitter.com/RUI7r5uSlK
I left it ouside last night.
You're not getting that given that the events are not comparable, the probabilities are not so ? And no need for psychobullshit about emoting.
Dear Peter, my sincere condolences.
In simple words, why just talking abt probability without payoff is BS:  You would never ride in a plane with a 1% probability of crash (~no pilot/flight attendant would be alive at .001%),  but you would accept a scientific result that is 1% false.
Practically nothing that's clean of Arabism. Unless @Pzalloua and I get to the task.
Needs serious cleanup
Indeed! Looks like this is not from the download. Thanks a million.
The problem is much worse in Extremistan.
@Tesla Dear Tesla, Merry Christmas. Why is it that since yesterday's download, your car no longer decelerates when I remove my foot from the accelerator? I am not using the "chill" option. This has happened twice before & mysteriously went away. Thanks.
2) SILENT RISK: Probability is a kernel for decision, not an end product. Can't discuss a kernel on its own. pic.twitter.com/l5IMvQeqyQ
The main author and I are redoing it with larger sample, more granularity.
Q is wrong, J2 also for Greek-O. And differences are not so slight.
Astrology was useful somewhere is putting occasional breaks; via negativa.
Isn't that the bleeding by doctors? #Lindy?
So you mean one should not talk about the Peloponesian wars because it is between brothers? Scholarship is about truth, not propaganda. Fhemt?
Koura valley where Byzantine garrisons were posted, using @PZalloua 's database. pic.twitter.com/TWplWdvd6h
Indeed.
Muntala2 térikh lébnén, a book of historical fiction mixed with some facts.
Actually, Salibi doubts Douahi's account using my argument that the population of Amioun & Koura remained Greek-Orthodox to this day. (The problem with Salibi is elsewhere) pic.twitter.com/pQD5sskNSv
According to Zalloua, a bit came before. But also from crusades.
And the Levant also has a 8-13% Northen admixture.
Correction.  Barsa & Dahrl3ayn are migrations from 7asroun not Zghorta.
Chekka is outside the Byzantine range, which starts in Anfé. Bsarma & Barsa are migrations from Zghorta.
3) Most historical accounts are by Maronite bishop Stephanos Douaihi or the historian Kamal Salibi. Both are fabrications --like most of what Salibi wrote.
2) Another myth: the Maronites "won" the battle of Amioun. They were more likely pushed up Mount Leb. There is not a single Maronite church and not one Maronite family originating from the 15km Koura( χώρα) area betw Amioun & the Med. The border has not changed in 1200 years. pic.twitter.com/6qUBIqNbqB
1) HISTORICAL DEBUNKING DUJOUR We are told Arabs invaded the Levant in 636. How did Byzantines battle Maronites in Amioun in 694? Truth is that most of the tension in coastal N. Levant was betw. Syrian-Greeks & Syriacs, not between them & Arabs. Arabs didn't care abt.  area. pic.twitter.com/E46cLS2Tu1
No, Hebrew is import . Makana in Leb, from Italian.
Language of conqrrs :! ethnicity. It is like saying Indians are English because they speak English. See my minority rule.
I love taking naps!
Leave her alone. Gabish?
Not the same honesty.
No superiority, just cultural appropriation. Gabish?
Like most Alt-Right ideologues you don’t seem to know the genetics data very well.
J1 but not nevessarily the peninsular sunclade. Alan Dershowitz and Dustin Hoffman are J1
For Christmas bought a v. Insightful book by my favorite twitter enemy @davidgraeber pic.twitter.com/HyPYuDq6iV
I half agree. Sunnis in Leb have little j1e and they are upset about it.
Do you know what percentage of Arab blood you find in Leb / Western Syria?
And what we see on maps is mostly conversions into islam hence Turkish identity from former Christians.
I mean GENETIC distance. Gabish?
The East Med cluster starts in Northern Iran/Caucasus in Neolithic via Anatolia
Gene flow? What is closer from Greece, France or Turkey/Northern Syria?
2) Being attacked by 2 similar crowds: 1) Neo-Nazi "white" (butter) supremacists using the "Aryan" theory to downgrade Meds (except those who fit "classical civilization") 2)"Pol correct" rewriters of history s.a. @wmarybeard binarizing Meds and Subsaharans in same "other" group
Here is my equation & application for Lognormal pic.twitter.com/Fr2BP31kAJ
In Engl or Dutch? We can share notes.
Nobody is arguing. But what does your comment have to do with RE-?
It is 8-12% in Lebanon. Can also be Armenian.
Same with Northern Levant. A lot of people from North came down, & not just with the Crusades. Late Neolithic.
No, but you need to prove it in some manner.
The problem can be solved very simply longhand but here is the more formal solution with code. pic.twitter.com/AfZRNYUMvj
And these posts about Meds and fake chromoclassification by identity warriors keep showing in my feed from retweets.  Basically if one puts BS on twitter (a public forum), you can expect debunking. Twitter is not just a place for motivational marmelades. Gabish?
For those who persist in separating Greeks "white" from Western Asians (now "nonwhite"), some news for you. pic.twitter.com/avvy70PKQo
Jihady boy, is Sarah Bond a grad student?
No, imbecile.
Slightly different
6) My first reaction to Trump is the same as Nero's to Fat Tony: it takes some effort for an intellectual to warm up to like people who don't read/respect  books.   (from Antifragile) pic.twitter.com/HuQJ9Tw0tN
no
5) Even if Trump became suddenly left-wing, he would still be hated by the Intellektchuals who would drum up arguments.  Why?  They obsessively hate @realDonaldTrump because he is both totally non-intellectual and doesn't hide it. He makes intellktchuals feel irrelevant.
In return, I will give one advice: fuck off. One more advice and you are blocked.
so?
4) The idea of #skininthegame is that people judged by reality and P/L, instead of peers or supervisors, are vastly more open-minded.
No no no no. Business pple are much more open minded.
I used Gamma functions brcause the first identity (a version of the Binomial theorem) could not simplify.
It was before the primaries & I retracted right after.
3) Employed intellectuals, professional academics, and other slaves are rarely in love with thought & ideas.  They are primarily in love with Orthodoxy.
@HazelMonforton is the perfect fraud.
Tarmi is Arabic. Zitt is Levantine.
no. Check my Medium piece.
You won't like my chapter on inequality, not because of you, but because of your friends.
Do you want to review my book?
With notes on the 1994 edition (when I bought & read  it).
Evidence shows these "Semitic" pple are actually largely Anatolians, closer to Armenians/Greeks than Babylonians. Languages != race
BS... strong presence in coastal and Northern Levant.
IGNORAMUS, not being Arab doesn't mean being Russian. Ignoramus...
Moi aussi! pic.twitter.com/VZOr6UaC8r
Note on this Christmas day that the Leb "zi7" (as opposed to Maltese Linea, Arabic "5att) comes from Aramaic the language of Christ. pic.twitter.com/d7C9DwrPeR
Also Tunisian is the closest to Leb of all South Med languages.
A detour via gamma functions: pic.twitter.com/iHpFC4Licu
Ignorant, it has to do with being a professor in New York. Think before tweeting, fakker shwayy ya Firas.
"some" class of experts
Thanks a million!
הַזֶה
I am finding in Testen an *l origin in NW Semitic languages themselves.
Ref? Thanks
Rubin (2005) pic.twitter.com/26QpIHLZOH
2) My classical ref. book on Phoenician grammar uses Canaanite prefixed article "Han" then "H'" or just ' (2). But 'l seems to appear elsewhere... (anyway the levantine "Hal Bét" is not derived from "haza'l bayt" but from Hal) pic.twitter.com/HPdXF7rObp
It is suffixed as "o"(East) ,"a"(West).
Same to you. I need some time before I discuss BTC. I will.
The thing that was bugging me is that it doesn't exist in Aramaic/Syriac. Bayto/Bayta (Aram.)<=> Ha-Beit (Hebr)
imbecile
Semitic Philology duJour: Do the "2l" ('l bét) and "hal" (hal bét) in neo-Phoenician (neo-Canaanite) come from Arabic “al”, or the reverse? Answer as expected. pic.twitter.com/rVM3nwLK6o
Jesus spoke Ma3loula.
You are not a very smart man. No where was the claim "all", 100%. And  saying it is 96% not 100% makes discussion with you stupid.
That's what I call nonmathematical
Not quite. Aramaic, instead.
And there is nothing wrong with the Socratic
You mean they (you) were ostracized, no?
Genetic cousins
2) When John Gray supported Thatcher's economics, he was treated like a serial killer by his peers. Later (as may happen w/Trump), academics started to rally to her, as results started to show.  But NOBODY apologized to him for harm done.  Intellektuals hate independent pple.
During 50s-to 70s, "intellectual"=support for Stalinism, Maoism,Trotskysm (or Arabism). Evidence of camps/murders was ignored for > decades.  Today if an "intellectual" expresses opinions that are vaguely NEUTRAL abt Trump, his career is destroyed.  I despise intellektchuals.
no, see above. it is n
 pic.twitter.com/iQg3LzId3I
voila pic.twitter.com/b8CH698t3H
Right! I used for some mysterious reasons n0+n (correct) in calculations but n in TeX. Yet my LaTeX is copied...
J1e
Lebanese have done very, very well in the West, embraced its values, so lobbies for Sarracens from Saudi Barbaria & Qatar can classify them in a way to get some prestige (join the "we").
Corrected mistakes thanks to  @mndl_nyc pic.twitter.com/JbT0D300wN
What I call Md is actually n * md. md is a sum not an average... will correct pic.twitter.com/9OiiuXLpse
Lebanese NOT Arabic.
Why? Malta has squid ink (99% of the reason). Also they write a Semitic language similar to Lebanese in the Latin alphabet, & Mother's family (originally Saliba) has Maltese connection.
Love-hate.
You need more and more data as k1 gets close to 1.
Does it match my numbers?
You don't make a statement about the mean.
Numerikal Integrashon works better for Pareto.
Year End Resolutions. Last year I only made 3 resolutions: 1) Visit Malta 2) Start learning Hindi/Sanscrit 3) Do not step once into New Jersey I failed on all 3. I did a lot a lot of things but failed on the resolution. So no resolutions for 2018.
REvising it
So @conradhackett didn't realize that one needs 10^10 more data on terrorism to compare to lawnmowers.
Paper first.
Low IQ because they are caught. So conditional on being called a BS vendor...
And at the exact opposit pole of Max Abrahm's rigor, scholarship and ethics stands, for instance, the BS vending @michaeldweiss
A simple trick to measure fat tails/ required sample size across distributions. Shows why you need 10^9 more data than Gaussian. pic.twitter.com/RMnBnVupsQ
So what I am getting is 1) infectious diseases are the MAIN reason for the genetic changes in Central/South America, 2) empty spaces occupied by new settlers.
The ignorance & anachronism of the "identity politics" groups: by their arguments Plato, Aristotle, etc. were  squarely "nonwhite", so stop discussing "white classics" or abandon your claims. pic.twitter.com/14CW7GJTga
No different from computer science, which is collaborative.
Actually it is supra-FatToniish to go even higher (say base 5)
Fucking idiot Robert Moses was a bureaucrat.
Are you allowed to change the base? It is not solvable in base 10.
Little bullshitter, show DETAILS if you can.
Reviewees have a longer memory than reviewers, particularly when they were done injustice. Thanks to social media, Gregg Easterbrook is accountable for a careless review done 11 years ago. This is to send a message to current & future reviewers.
BITCOIN, 2 points:  + Returns are not additive at high volatility: Something that is up 1000% then down 90% is net breaking even. + Do not read accounts in papers about "causes". At high volatility, the word "cause" should not be used.
Caucasus/Persia (Zagros) => Anatolia => East Med (Greece, Levant) & Etruscan parts.
Before Twitter, BS vendors like @EasterbrookG could write a NYT book review 1) on a subject they knew nothing about & 2) not make the effort to read carefully,  with impunity. No longer.  (My reply then). pic.twitter.com/ocrUFxFTpQ
December
On it. Remember Armenians came down. But the remarkable is that Cartagenians had R1b!
Zghorta: that's mostly Armenian. Still generally within the East Med group.
The absurdity of identity politics is such that one can find tons of logical inconsistencies.
Papoulis!
 pic.twitter.com/eaXFOQ3R4v
The Macedonian connection.
Maronites were the non-urban pple. They spoke Syriac, not Greek. It was a class statement. Later when Syria was lost to Kosrow they mixed with Nestorians & Zoroastrians. Zoroastrians later became Shiites.
And of those only Western Syrians, urban ones.
Copts never identified with the Romans... Syrians did, not the Copts. Hence Monophysitism.
The method is to find genes that are present among Vlachs but absent or rare elsewhere.
Unlike J2a (Phoenician, Agean Greek), J2b is not coastal and has for highest concentration Serbia/Albania.
For some mysterious reasons, I have the same genetics as the Vlachs, J2b & looking to solve the mystery via available trees.
By that I mean that Romans loved practice, the Greeks theory.
Indeed Byzantines were Roman not Greek.  cc:@ektrit
Latin "P" not Aramaic P(H)
Pace Freiha, Kousba comes from Cuspa (latin) not kespa (Aramaic). 1) Have rarely seen in placenames the Aramaic p turn into b (rather ph), 2) Kousba likely to be a Roman settlement owing to a few temples around it (Rushdebbin). Need to clean up Freiha, many mistakes.
No. Verbal forecasting doesn't count. See SITG (forth.)
Actually, there is a civilian honor I would be *honored* to get, and it is not an academic one.
If you have earned your self-respect, respect by others is a luxury;  if you haven't, respect by others is a necessity.
So my solution requires: Assume a>=b>=c>=0
Yes. It is not symmetric.
It is not the optimization, but the a>=b>=c
The second derivatives are negative.
It is Frei7a the author of a book about place names.
This idiot Sokol doesn't realize that you can write about someone's work and its importance without framing it as an athletic contest.
On my bio, to prevent people from offering "honors" and "awards" and sh*t like that: pic.twitter.com/3C2F888Cbr
The "bar" followed by a negative "son of liar" is not common in Semitic names. Has to be a place name.
Not sure. He was born Bar Kosiba
Kochba means star.
Semitic Philology Du Jour: Speculation: Simon Bar Kochba  was possibly "bar/ben kousba" כוסבא a placename that also exists in Koura, though Freiha has for that origin כוספא, which is strange for a placename. pic.twitter.com/xyPLomvll4
No matter what I try, I get 3/2.
Code pic.twitter.com/5NnuAAVNPo
We can see why it is capped at 3/2 pic.twitter.com/7bG7UVF4d6
Working on it.
From files & what I was told, @shadihamid seems to have a personal Muslim brotherhood  advocacy poorly hidden under intellectual marmalade, rather than just Arab Gulf prostitution.
I just use these for lektchuring which I do on board. As you see they are incomplete with notation to be fixed ... @DrCirillo and I will have clean notes in our book.
Just an idea of why you should never spare such agents trying to pass for "scholars". pic.twitter.com/bgbQatKxMl
I meant smallpox
Actually, Mexico has an explanation: chicken pox. @PZalloua
Thanks! No change in dividend rates?
For a Gaussian it grows very slowly, order log log n. From my lektchur notes: pic.twitter.com/Cop1ptn3NF
Thanks! Where does the plan discuss passive income (dividend, etc.)?
That's from the press... all of the reports dated today.
5 km.
Attention Data Scientists: the M4 competition is Open. The Makridakis Competitions address out of sample performance. M1, M2 & M3 revealed how complex methods are outformed by simpler ones (themselves poor). pic.twitter.com/2pjijnuOHl
What you are saying is even more damning: a scholar should NEVER have his personal experiences taint his analyses. This is not opera.   Assad's operatives blew up my house. But I will NEVER use that in my political judgment.
I know stuff about him you don't.
THINK TANK ETHICS Paul Salem is one of those Ivy-Lea IYIs who may have started out well-intentioned but never did anything except thinktank crap, now find themselves financially strapped in their 50s.  So they prostitute themselves to Gulf Arabs to pay bills. They come cheap.
Econs: In the age of social media, you can’t keep selling BS with pseudo-mathematics/citation ring/circular vetting with impunity. Eventually a bubble bursts.
You should try, like most people, to have an honest, proper profession.
Tawdi!
This is precisely the point: terrorism data vary, not those of lawnmowers.
Do you need a professor to find the studies?
This is not to say business schools are useless: what you learn is either on your own or in the drinking parties.
The only thing you can learn from a business school professor is how to become a business school professor.
in 2 y
Descriptive statistics are only descriptive if in-sample resembles out-of-sample, usually the case with many things but not time series.
Young man, the point is precisely that descriptive statistics presuppose  samples outside subexponential class.
Mr @paul_salem can you reveal who funds you for such statements?   Can you confirm that no Wahabi regime pays you to promote Salafism in America & steer U.S. policy in favor of Jihadis?  Thank you in advance.
Do!
Correction: 99.99% for journalism.
99.9%?
7) The saddest was when I saw Brian Greene @bgreene making the mistake, then not understanding the error. The problem: because of packages, pple use statistics mechanistically so they either forget or don't know that "significance" is central in discussing/ comparing variables.
5) In other words, statistics in not an IN SAMPLE description (this is called an "anecdote") but a representation of  OUT OF SAMPLE properties (those that hold outside your sample set).
Imbecile, Statistics is not In Sample description but OUT OF SAMPLE properties.
4) @Mr Shah @HetanShah, As Head of the  @RoyalStatSoc  Thou Shalt Not Use Statistics in an Unrigorous Manner, in a way to make the person in the street more knowledgeable about risk than a member of the @RoyalStatSoc
Which talk?
3) At the core the "statistician" head of the Royal Society is using a variable that converged to the mean by LLN to another one that did not. pic.twitter.com/Hr4V5PFttW
Second Version of Paper on Gini with coauthors incl @DrCirillo (after requests by referees) pic.twitter.com/spdjlPBWeY
Ron is the least deserving of this remark. At least HE TRIED, he took the risk. He put his skin in the game.!
klassikal
Eric, given that you know how much I scorn @SamHarrisOrg, why are you putting my handle?
Sophist, you are counting casualties w/o population base to compare to death from other causes. There are MILLIONS of journos. How abt counting the 000,000 people KILLED by the actions of journos such as Thomas Friedman in Iraq or MSM propped up Syrian rebels?
(The idea of skin in the game is to remove the mimicry by filtering via judgment by reality. Otherwise you end up with actors & parrots.)
Semitic Philology du Jour: Jwz and Zwj are different roots. Jawz (for husband in Lebanese) comes from Canaanite Agoz"walnut" (i.e. dual), אֱגוֹז , while zawj (husband in both Aramaic & Arabic) come from Greek  ζεύγος (pair). pic.twitter.com/7jGi2wSsar
There is no "Arab" descent
jawja ghané.
"Jawza" jeye mnil siriyéné "jawz" min jawzé (la2anna fiya tnén 7abbét), mish mnil 3arabé "zawj".
By your reasoning, @Mangan150 then it is written into our genome to cycle food in a hierarchical manner: eat fruits in the absence of meat (?), then nuts then vegs...
In any profession, 90% of people are clueless but work by situational imitation, narrow mimicry & semi-conscious role-playing. Except social "science" and journalism where it is 99% and 100%, respectively.
Elegant reasoning; but one disagreement in defense of our chessboatd theory. Population density was minimal in the R1b 6000 ago. But we fail to explain Mexico.
Ma fi sha3b bala lugha  Ma fi lugha bala adab  Dante 5il2 eltilyéné. Sar marja3.  (Iza baddak tshuf kif ligha, t-talla3 3al Malte. Bi Malta 3emlo ligha lawa7don).
My answer can be clearer if you replace "if you assume that the ratios are independent" ... by "if you assume that (n-1) ratios are independent"
na3am. keno y2ulo 2adishot aloho...
"marker" laya3rfo ba3don.
Boston? Why? They are all communists and universalists.
France above Avignon.
Even Turks from Cyprus may be largely former Karamanlis.
Frey7a... eltnen
3indé hdiyyé la2ilak 7a2mro2 jem3a jéyé.
I am working with geneticist on the theory that once populations settle, genes don't change much. Only open spaces get occupied with new genes. Turkey has minimal Turkic genes, Lebanon has no Arab genes, France has no Roman genes outside of garrisons, etc.
3indik PDF lalkteb? Wayn fiyyé ishtri?
The Caucasus/Anatolia/Northern Levant were a refuge, hence protracted isolation.
Merci! Je vais chercher de  mon coté.
Notez que "seeking" dans "rent seeking" ne veut pas dire "recherche" mais exploitation. Donc rente de situation.
C'est bien ca.
Chers amis, est-ce que "rent seeking" correspond au vieux terme francais "rente de situation"?
 pic.twitter.com/5uZ54VRWOC
Indeed.  Further, teshbi7 comes from Tesba7: bless. pic.twitter.com/U8YW6ltKCU
Bad pca
There is obviously a remainder term for higher orders, no? So it can't be an identity.
The 8 different meanings of BR in Aramaic, 2) (and more) pic.twitter.com/va9VrqlmBY
The 8 different meanings of BR in Aramaic, 1) pic.twitter.com/ewdEneUthF
Different bars BR (outside), Bra  BAR (son) BRR land etc.
Never met a classicist who understands  1) Semitic philology 2) that times has an arrow that flows in one direction 3) that genetics like paternity tests >> oral history 4) that East-Med (Greek, Anatolian, Armenian & Canaanite) genetics are similar
No, just 2 possible measurements of alpha.
Yes, expected. pic.twitter.com/nWaL4JECw9
People have the illusion that "globalism" is good for commerce. It is mainly good for commerce by large crony corporations, creating fragility & winner-take-all effects.
This is Pareto III or IV. Try the tail exponent.
A "bubble" becomes a bubble when you run out nonbankrupt people calling it a bubble.
Need to fix the notation. pic.twitter.com/HguiwgoV61
Almost there but I need to go to the gym. pic.twitter.com/0Wvnd8ik6J
Start away from x=0, set to x=.0001
Ach! I thought I could take a break from probability & do some shopping!
Typos pic.twitter.com/DMm3Jse9TI
Voila  cc:@MarcosCarreira pic.twitter.com/QiNaJ23zp3
Solved: -(1 - 1 - Log[k - 1] + Log[k] - k (-Log[-1 + k] + Log[k]))
You are right. It is the equivalent of ratio of uniforms X/Y times some multiple of X.
Same distribution. Rederiving.
For 10 seconds, I was scared: I thought I wrote the article. That solution is sooooooooo simple. pic.twitter.com/Tkg0xVqH6i
Will write up in TeX. pic.twitter.com/c2Ry0groiY
He is not getting that meat does not concerve so we evolved to have a lot or nothing.
My point is that IF you eat meat, you need to eat it INFREQUENTLY.  Even within the day Romans ate one meal. You can starve between meals (lions) or eat salads (humans are omnivore for a reason).
A mon avis la génétique (avec toutes les nouvelles decouvertes) vous aidera a convaicre les autres. Il y en a beaucoup dans le Maghreb?
Vous etes pro-Mediterraneen Greco-Romain anti-Arabe pour le Maghreb?
They are conflating ketogenic diet and stead diet of meat, chronic kidney harm vs episodic ingestion w/recovery. Historically humans eat meat ONLY on sacred days. @GuruAnaerobic pic.twitter.com/XYHutsI8yr
Simplification thanks to suggestion by DrCirillo. Thanks! pic.twitter.com/QyZBClHl2J
At high variance Log Pareto behaves like lognormal on steroids. pic.twitter.com/JtY6lIOyGi
Deriving the distribution of Bitcoin assuming Log Returns Student-T as specified by @financequant . (There is no PDF for corresponding Stable Dist. For Cauchy set alpha=1) pic.twitter.com/X3ipzfMf6M
...with yuuuuge sampling error.
Will read ASAP!
You got a CFA in spite of no understanding gaps and the unpredictability of their upper bound?
Traduttore tradittore sonne mieux
Comment “sent” la traduction? pic.twitter.com/lci7BqRfmY
You are ALREADY logging the price movement.
No, imbecile. This is a statistical representation not a model.
Bitcoin seems to fit a Stable Distr, cannot rule out Cauchy! (Collaboration w/ @financequant ) Note that this makes practically any price level possible: whether 100K or 100. pic.twitter.com/IuFxv6D8wO
He just comes to parties.
My Christmas Class party at NYU Tandon for my fat tails class. pic.twitter.com/E8N9ejGAac
Chers amis, quelle est la traduction francaise la plus claire de "bullshit"? (c'est pour mon livre)
 pic.twitter.com/5uA2AIVLB5
True, figured out the AM-HM later... Will remove the redundance.
Blocked  he 1) Lied about my source of income, 2) about my market activities  3) put my name on handle.
One grandparent is R1b, same proportion.
Do you have the text?
Assuming the settlement price is not too cooked.
Limit up means no trading. So you can technically have limit up for weeks, then settle at whatever the real price is.
NO
Fucking idiot, who is predicting anything?
Will ask in 3 weeks.
J2 Haplogroup, of course.
He wrote it in  Calabrez
Announcement by my Calabrez teachers: Antonio’s is open on Sunday Dec 24. Traduzione: Antonio’s abarberia aperto Domeni(c)ga diciembre 24. pic.twitter.com/5Olht0Syqd
Shorting a future creates an unbounded liability: you are responsible for all your personal assets. Unlike futures, options have natural sellers: covered calls (hence spreadable into synthetic puts), & they should have been introduced AT THE SAME TIME as the future.
Title is an overt MISREPRESENTATION.  Gabish?
Gold has a steady supply.
Much faster. And no new field discoveries.
Note that Bitcoin has a limited number of natural sellers. The entire concept is very concave supply (it costs more and more to extract). The number of producers shrinks with time.
This form of entrepreneurship [flipping companies] is the equivalent of bringing great looking and marketable children to this world with the sole aim to sell them at age 4. pic.twitter.com/e1mkYsq2Cv
Michael, don't waste your time with @SarahEBond. She is a total fraud.
A heuristic for happiness/contentment/good disposition:    You are not upset to hear that someone you know has been owning bitcoin since 2011.
Sorry, but you don't seem to Gapish. Buy 00000 futures. Later buy enough cash to push price higher on settlement. Make huge profits on futures, small losses selling back cash to get out. The trade is as old as cash settlement.
Not true (some linguists were hasty in their categorizations). Tsadeh w/dot can act like 3ayin with dot (ghaym existed in Ancient Hebrew/Canaanite, became 3ayin). Sound went away with time.
Thanks! fixed on Latex. Updating for consecutive. Much much harder to derive.
Yes, the point: it is rare for Lebanese to have an Arabic root, particularly that the verb "dawwé" is diff from "ada2a".
Equiv is Tsadeh then 3ayn as in eretz becoming ar3a.
We can ignore Daou (as he doesn't have the basic reasoning abilities to know what a fallacy means); but here is a good puzzle: Daou a Lebanese word (meaning illumination), doesn't exist in Syro-Aramaic. I cannot find an Ugaritic/Western Semitic root. pic.twitter.com/SMVBDdi3DW
Done! will present the case from Markov chain in write-up pic.twitter.com/mfGPU2DY41
We can have general solutions to 2 classes of problems: HHH...H consecutive and nonconsecutive.
Stopping time distribution. Shd I put these in Latex with some derivations? Worth it? pic.twitter.com/fcnmH8Xzrg
A Kafkaesque World. With the inquisition spirit & the criminalization of politics, you will soon wake up every morning with the question:  "Which rule I didn't know existed did I violate yesterday?"
Conversions & reversals with options.
Here is the solution for nonconsecutive heads pic.twitter.com/qQ8NZDFC4M
Yes I see we did the same process. This one has an infinity of combinations that yield a total of 3 heads so another route is needed, using binomial for n=3,4,5,6,etc.
My transition matrix pic.twitter.com/jSqzzkhNUj
One of us is doing something wrong. pic.twitter.com/PoS0uAkhQ5
How many securities move by 2 orders of magnitude ? Think a bit.
Bitcoin: my answer to the repeated questions. No, there is NO way to properly short the bitcoin "bubble". Any strategy that doesn't entail options is nonergodic (subjected to blowup). Just as one couldn't rule out 5K, then 10K, one can't rule out 100K. Gabish?
Silent Risk, Book 3
Mr Peter Daou, I exposed a major fallacy in your argument. You respond with two elementary fallacies. Will you respond next with four even more elementary fallacies?
For those who do NOT understand nonlinearity of dose-response with respect to pollutants: pic.twitter.com/IdhptxbuZ3
No. Mathematics is about proof, not results.
Drank 1 ½  bottles of Puligny-Monrachet on Air France and ate 4 portions of foie gras. So my numerical solutions are ... fuzzy.
On it.
Sorry, this is the one pic.twitter.com/Kr7nKls5Jr
The code for the Markov Chain. Can redo for AAB vs AAA. pic.twitter.com/XE77JLjMN7
The COVFEFE solution with code. pic.twitter.com/VbtbflpEAh
Wla ta3lna lnesyuna or so in Western Aramaic
Will be on long plane ride I can expand the details if needed.
Soon to be, as it seems needed. In English of course.
Fixed pic.twitter.com/ngS50DmwGB
No
More details about precaution w/respect to climate. pic.twitter.com/kHEMyUV522
The author of the manual, Bernard Gui, is the villain in the Name of the Rose. He has a lot to teach the repressive autocratic pseudo-left. pic.twitter.com/5I555sBXfK
My French publisher has a time-tested manual for those who want to engage in the modern pseudo-leftist inquisition. pic.twitter.com/r7JtQgeiaO
Tartare (Paris) “Jouer sa peau” is the new title. pic.twitter.com/VNs7qNDUTA
Subsaharan came late, Northern Egypt was partly Greek after Alexander.
Lshaghlé lwa7idé lmfakkrin jéyé minl3arabé hiyye'l "al" (wl jam3 lmaksur).  Tel3et Kin3aniyyé. Home run.
"Jouer sa Peau" "Risquer sa Peau"
Semitic Philology du jour: only supposedly "certain" import from Arabic "al" into Lebanese actually from later Canaanite: "hal", a form still in use, or even "l". So "l-bét/hal-bét" (the house) it is NOT "al-bayt" (Arabic) or "beyto/a"(Syriac/Aramaic), but EXACTLY Phoenician. pic.twitter.com/1aGLpzbf9P
Les épreuves de mon livre. pic.twitter.com/Mv0uyYaGQh
My friend, gnosticism... that's the secret.
Why not the reverse? Or the smear campaigning? Or the misuse of gender? Or the insidious racism?
Henry Corbin’s 4 volume treatise on Shiism. pic.twitter.com/KKpBdc4BX1
I am now in the Beirut Armenian.
Comparing Beirut(Aleppo) Armenian to Moscow Armenian pic.twitter.com/SOpcKvz2t9
Tripes Phoenician-style with a Georges Brassens lookalike remote cousin  (whose name is also Georges). pic.twitter.com/OzipiTS3ng
Orthodox priest in Amioun blessing a meal at a luncheon party. pic.twitter.com/tr3N15QuFQ
Yes corrected to maybe apocryphal.
Smells of Hot Hand non-fallacy.
No problem!
How long between 315 and 400 and betw 400 and 500?
I personally prefer @jordancurve's solution because Markov chains are good training for complex problems.
The route by @salilstatistics is compact. But Markov chains are fun.
Markov chains are necessary when transitional probabilities are different (an H after a T). Not the case here.
Not for me.
Never conflate socialism and social safety net.
Yes. I stopped deadlifting a few times (last time 3 months) for the same injury & noticed that my grip weakens faster than the rest.
Socialism doesn't scale.
It depends on age. @dpinsen
You mean we should depoliticize the problem?
The problem is that "scholars" make them outside twitter.
Actually not that hard now that you know.
Not exactly.
Not necessarily.
Expected time to COVFEFE: part of the exam at the Indian Statistical Institute. cc:@CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/jTpxan518r
The best is yet to come... @DrCirillo
Algerians get it: one man, one vote, one time.
We can see that somewhere between 1% and 65% of my Twitter followers don't understand the Godel-Popper paradox, or meta-problem that is, that you can't use electoral system to vote against democracy or that you can't let Salafis vote in democratic societies. pic.twitter.com/ky6YKh4fqk
Of course not.....
The bullshit you just wrote shows you don't understand anachronism, that time flows in one direction and ancestry in one-directional.
I used triplet. Shd I read further of what you write?
I was at that wedding in the picture above.
Please don't insult Amioun.
Mediterranean vodka. pic.twitter.com/qbuGVqfuQG
The reason crusaders used fat is because olive oil cultivation was not widespread and local to narrow Med strips.   Northern Europeans were not representative of Western civilization. They still aren't fully so.
Stop  bullshitting. Yes one can generalize, when done properly.
Mr Fafinski, it is simple. There were between 60-180 Arab tribes. Banu Ghassan was one of them. Can you generalize to Arabs? More significant, do you know how few the Ghassanids were then? I can't make you rigorous, I can just prevent you from bullshitting on Twitter.
Prof Mulder, you are wrong & keep changing your story (still wrong) but it's OK.
Mr Fafinski,  before you make a statement generalizing to "Arabs", can you answer my previous questions and assess how representative of all Arabs were the Ghassanids? Scholarsip is about getting rid of anecdotes & BS.
What proportion of Arabs were Ghassanids?
Evidence?
Ok OK it’s a pleasure arguing with you.
You keep digging.
Mr Fafinski, 1) where were the Ghassanids initially based, 2) did they use olive oil? 3) Where did they end up settling? Thank you.
The claim by Prof Mulder is even weirder that the word for "soap" in Classical Arabic  صابون comes from the Greek σαπούνι (Latin sapo).
Not what I am saying. I am saying that you are anachronistically tagging as Islamic things that precede Islam by centuries.
Here is the distribution of olives. A Mediterranean thing.  The Western cultivation came mostly later. Twitter is not a good place for confabulatory and anachronistic statements. pic.twitter.com/GEKMI2S9jK
and Byzantines are now Islamic?
You made a false claim and are now justifying it with ...colonialism?  Your bogus definition of Islamic covers pre-Islamic cultures, including Jews.
We are discussing an INVENTION after the 7th Century, so please, please, no anachronism. You are a historian.
Pre-Islamic and the majority stayed Christian or Zoroastrian until 10-11th C.
To call this an "invention" of the Islamic world one needs evidence it did not predate the Arab invasion of the Levant.
This comes is from a Levantine practice of annointing with oil (Messiach from "wipe").  And do not confuse "shemen" in Aramaic (oil) w/Samen (fat). cc:@stephenniem
2nd version (first was 2015).
The expected P-Value Hacking derivations. Fooled by Randomness. pic.twitter.com/ikpaK8u7Nj
Since you're from here, let me explain: nobody is claiming "better" but "different" and culturally & ethnically separate. Different is different.
Alicia at RWRI (see link on profile).Thanks.
No, just trying to upset Arab nationalists and other imbeciles; as you see it works.
Philology du Jour: Historically Lebanon refers to the White Mountain, not the coastal cities, collectively called Phoenicia up to Byzantine times.
Snow slowly covering The White Mountain above Northern Phoenicia. pic.twitter.com/8NWeh1H4zE
Connection lhs rhs is not trivial you can't separate.
Are you for or against Twitter polls?
Nordics: I1 (some I2b), R1b I guess
THanks!
It is a flaw to impart to Arabic a root that precedes it. Linguists are not as rigorous as geneticists who get clean ancestry.
The median academic paper is read by ~ 2 pple. Some economists like Stiglitz have 10^5 citations with negative contribution to society (advice on FNMA/Venzuela is worse than silence). Same with econometrics. Do the math.
In fact more polarized
I guess Log(1+x)>\frac{x}{1+x} but I am not in Moscow anymore so my math understanding went down.
Hi there. Do you accept my solution for Expectation? My derivation of the most likely value is similar to yours.
It is a shortcut; size limitations: no significant change of meaning was done. "A friend said that a friend said" is too long.
3) For instance one may invoke justice and equality to completely open borders between Eu & Africa (or US & Mexico) & call anyone who disagree "racist". The definition of freedom is more robust.
Fundamentally secular. Eventually takes you away from Panarabism.
Please stop the BS as I am silencing you.
No. Minority rule. Check the Levant...
2) freedom of speech is a robust definition, scale invariant, and rigid across time and situations.  Justice and other concepts are relative and vary with time, place, and scale.
Original. Please verify pic.twitter.com/P0Wd73Oayh
Lebanon is too diplomatic.
It all starts with writing in the vernacular. And the understanding that the "Arabs" in Algeria are predominantly of Beber origin.
Wait.
Publishers are dumb.
You are saying this because the J2b1 haplogroup has the highest incidence in Serbia.
Your reply is that of an imbecile.
It is very dangerous for intelligent people to be paranoid. In The Black Swan, 11 years ago pic.twitter.com/De5Di711my
But Turks use the Latin Alphabet.
As proof that the Arabic alphabet not adapted to Lebanese, in Garshuni ܐܶ vs in Arabic ايه which is NEVER the correct sound.  The Latin Alphabet remains close to the Phoenician alphabet & much more adapted to our sounds.
No, just the rboso for the Olaph pic.twitter.com/bDlq60a0eY
Garshuni has rbosso for é sound.
Can you sum the totals to compare to my expectation & stopping time?
So what we have is nested Binomials with Booles...
Is there an error with the last line?
You had to volunteer it. Next time.
AUB transformed the names of students Zré2 to Zurayq. It is largely responsible for the sneaky Arabization of the language.
GQ is the philosopher John Gray.
Thanks friends, instead of having endorsements from hotshots we opted for "Joe from Chicago" style blurbs --real not fake readers. pic.twitter.com/XL5OjIK0sm
The entire problem with Byzantine Roman Empire is that succession was not that often hereditary. The purple was allways up for grabs.
I can settle for assistant ambassador. Looks like Vladimir Vladimirovich will claim the position.
The code. Argument that 13 has highest probability to follow. pic.twitter.com/M0nYfUmZzC
Yes.
Caviar dinner
Lesson #2: if you are tipsy, there is some elegance you need to maintain.
Lesson #1: to get drunk with Russians, train to the following: no shame in being tipsy.  It takes some training.
Very unfair. I’ve been down here all evening.
This is the discussion in Antifragile about "academic" discoveries that were in fact made by practitioners. pic.twitter.com/xiLZdPOkzi
Errata: Meant 1 in 100,000. Also note that the net contribution of economics/finance is negative.
John, this guy is a total imbecile. Silenced him.
The smart buyers go to Amazon
I need some help. I am in Old Arbat trying to buy trinkets and need a more reliable souvenir shop.
Which explains why, in Georgian restaurants in Moscow, I am greeted like a local cousin until I open my mouth. pic.twitter.com/jqhDlVk12j
The odds of an academic “researcher” producing anything eventually used by society is of the order of .00001%. That includes scientists. The odds for a baker: 100%
Mr Arthur, you’re dishonest to theorize w/o information & misrepresent ideas that I presented in a whole book, Antifragile. As a journo your duty is to first represent accurately before discussing. And my background is presented in AF.
His understanding of financial tail risks is ZERO or negative.
The problem with Lebanon is rent-seeking (and the inequality coming from it), not inequality per se.
A large share of "Independent" pple  (I am classified as such)
In other words Krugman falls for the mistake:  "For academics there is no difference between academia and the real world. In the real world there is". pic.twitter.com/BYujVSb0Nu
with the possible exception of technologists in Silicon Valley.
Note that neither medicine nor engineering are academia-driven pursuits, rather practice and apprenticeship-based.
Erratum 2 Antikhrupkost
Footnote: Lektchuring Birds How to Fly in Antifragile discusses the myth that science -> technology, rather than reverse.
Academics, when they leave academia become at best back-office support staff, not decision-makers. Not like the grocery store owner who owns his own risk.
Erratum: Москва
Mockba Many many Russians interested in Antikhtupkim and disorder... Was told there is no Russian recipe for squid ink. pic.twitter.com/gfIIYLjvO4
Now or back tomorrow for the party
The NYT generalizing: because its friends have problems, ALL men are a problem.  Shoddy. Same defensive generalization when I accuse someone w/o skin in the game of being a BS vendor/pseudoexpert: Taleb calls "everybody" a BS vendor/pseudoexpert.
In other words, such a reasoning would lead to preemptively arrest all vegetarians w/mustache.
No
Go to the jemmayze district. Bar hop there.
Ergodic measures of inequality give a v. different story. Cc: @ole_b_peters
There is a ban prepub
Bingo!
More j2a
My collaborator @PZalloua is getting Serbian samples suspiciously close to those in The Levant. The mystery is clearing up slowly but surely.
Presence in South England: You can see how an Anatolian/Syrian gene went NorthWest with Roman soldiers (the “diversity” of that ignorant Mary Beard).
With apologies for earlier misparametrization. pic.twitter.com/EVCpGVwTfl
Don’t tell anyone. They think it’s for the conspiracy.
Attention conspiracists: I am on my way to Moscow. Just letting you know, speculate & theorize.  (Last trip was cut short for personal reasons.)
Right, you lead x times a constant inside the exponential otherwise you get ab>= -1. Typically \lambda. Redoing.
This is from Mathematica.
Was not a nudge but a visible, explicit regulation. Which was faught by the top. And LED is ... causing problems of light pollution. Ignore him Grurray.
The point is not so much plagiarism as the fact that readers get offended seeing ethical breaches.
How about \exp{-x+\mu) when ab+1=0, \mu=0 and \lambda properly calibrated. We can play with a, b, and \mu \notequal 0 or even split lambdas into \lambda_1 and \lambda_2. pic.twitter.com/drRoOkqXHk
Statists who want to impose topdown solutions on pple agst their will have the NERVE to talk abt "authoritarianism". "Nudger" @CassSunstein, clueless abt risk/probability, tried to manipulate citizens under Obama, (s.a. prevent them from knowing they were consuming GMOs). pic.twitter.com/KDKGnu0Xr7
The bankruptcy of the NYT? of Monsanto? The collapse of Saudi Barbaria? pic.twitter.com/UYU4uuWV7j
Hopefully next time we are all free for a meal, lunch or dinner!
a \leq 0 \leq b
Who is blocked by Twitter?
Sorry, you are very confused.
Does El donaldo makes the Donald Mexican?
it was Ha in Phoenician and A in end. But says nothing about root.
Nafs el asl.
Arabic root same as other Semitic ones. pic.twitter.com/juriVuOw6c
This is the reasoning defect by which Arabist idiots and Western IYIs deem that if word in Levantine has similar Arabic root, it comes FROM Arabic. On Wikipedia Levantine is called "Levantine Arabic" when Arabic came LATER.
Fixed with erratum,  not gadol but gver
Erratum: I meant גבר in Heb not גָדוֹל. GVR root.
Babylonian especially.
The entire problem of Communism vs Market System is right there:  unless one varies prices, you will have the formation of lines. But some prices need not vary.
We are cousins.
Was present earlier in Levant, so route can be Anatolia->Macedonia ->Levant or Anatolia->Levant->Macedonia. As we get more data points, the sample paths gets probabilistically firmer.
Levant wrote spoken language in Garshuni (Aramaic script), not Arabic, until late 1700s. That holds even for Greek-Orthodox.
The J2b1 concentration, while hard to reverse-engineer w/the (elementary) probability used by geneticists, is relatively easy to do via Brownian Bridge. pic.twitter.com/3dBUtWofvo
New book uses Thomas Friedman @tomfriedman as representative of the criminally stupid no-skin in the game BS vendor/pearshape warmonger who destroys societies. pic.twitter.com/oxXI6a9xfK
Final, with thanks. pic.twitter.com/6LPagRXYUw
My attempt at solution. pic.twitter.com/YqNFE3kdEh
Exhaustive Brute force but not Monte Carlo pic.twitter.com/VZWp4jpKlu
Does it mean: without exaggeration?
Didn 't you know that I block idiots.
3) Monoculturist.
Note that I put "LEFT" in quotes. A lot of people on the left w/discernment abilities or civil libertarians, pacifists, nonstatists, localists, communitarians, etc.  do not identify w/such a category.
Caliphate never really entered Mount Leb. Mountains not useful. Coast stayed Byzantine.
partly, partly original local language.
But use of Arabic in vocabulary initiated by American Protestant missionaries who (re)translated Bible into Arabic (previous one forgotten), then "Arabization" by AUB.
Never spoke "Arabic" but a Semitic dialect never really mutually comprehensible w/ "Arabic".
The "LEFT": Repressive. Anti-localist, anti-decentralization. Anti freedom of speech. Warmongering, militarist. Interventionist. Manipulation of pple w/nudges. Elitist/IYI. Anti self-determination of minorities worldwide. Race obsessed. Pro-Salafascists. Anti #SkinintheGame
You good.
NonGabish. Explain "vicarious offense", my friend.
Bourgi from Amioun?
No see allocation in Antifragile. And Scandi states are very small.
I need the PDF ASAP
Indeed.
11) As tribes grow, I can understand paying protection money to warriors: Pax Romana/Ottomana/Habsburgianana even Americana to preserve PROPERTY RIGHTS. Historical rate ~2-10%.  It is much harder to understand coercive redistribution & subsidies to rent seeking bureaucrats.
He is paid >200k by the State of NY. Gabish?
10) SCALING.  A- Imagine you're a hunter. You give a share (say ⅓) to a pool for invalid members of tribe; for social norms & #SITG symmetry. B- Community grows, someone FORCES you to give ⅓ to an administration managed far away, some of it pays salary of P. Krugman.
No, entropy is concave \sum p Log_2 p
15?
Mr @_tomazy 1) #Jews went down in Bagdad & Cairo by 100% and 99.99% (not an approximation). If that's not evidence, I don't what is. 2) The explicit mission by Qatar/KSA is a Sunni replacement to Alawis. Thank you.
That's the problem with Big Government, not one with taxation.  Gabish?
Your point is logically inconsistent with higher taxation. If Walmart drivers drive more, they pay more gas tax as these maintain the road. Install more tolls on roads . Very sloppy reasoning all acorss.
8) When you disguize CLASS ENVY as an intellectual argument (as Piketty, Krugman, IYIs), it always, always shows.
7) So we accept tht taxes are collective coersion; we can make it rational by allowing groups to form their own communities w/their own collective rules, as in CHF. This is why the ONLY political orientation I have is LOCALISM.
6) I only reply to comments that are wrong, not those that are sufficiently stupid to be "not even wrong".
Indeed.
Ignore the compulsory, just focus on separation by purpose.
I've argued that this can only work if, by symmetry,  you also allow the rich an equally proportional part of public spaces.
You are clearly an imbecile. NOT replying to an argument is NOT nitpicking.
5) In that sense taxation can be seen as a Punishment ( جزية)  on the wealthy for them to be allowed to stay wealthy. Which is OK, but don't be fooled.
4) Islamic law gives insights: taxes are separated as 1) Charity ( زكاة, alms) vs. 2) Punishment ( جزية) (on Dhimmis (like me) to be allowed to stay Christian+ خراج). Charity (~2-3%) goes to the poor, Punishment to state coffers/military. Charity implies *thanking* benefactor.
Accept disproportionate taxation, but be no fool: it is the coercive result of 1man-1vote just as in past it was military force. in LCD, it is patronage. In past, taxation was disguized as "Protection" & small, w/~5-15%. Then became "services". Now "fairness".
He is saying the way you nitpicked his syntax is pathetic (fewer vs less) ; it is.  I can tell an imbecile and you are one.
1) Adjust for negative taxes, 2) expand taxpayer base to include ALL.
Compare to Tunisia.
Arab League = Sunni League.  States that will be outside of it will prosper. Like Malta.
Yes so need to use measure theory!
I can keep this proof with twists provided h is piecewise differentiable.  Otherwise need to avoid integration by parts.
Thanks for the compliment, but more Greek than Phoenician, and more Rum than both!
If you don't get it, you won't get it.
Sa3id 3a2l ma 7ada biye2ri.  We ija 2abl Facebook w twitter. Baddak keteb ghayro.
La2 la2 la2 Badda kutub fiya. Bass. El ligha btikhla2 bil adab!
Ttalla3 bil inglizi. Ligha 3ayr mnazzamé bass ntashrit! Wkitabta ma2ila 3ale2a bil abjadiyyé. "cough, bough, though, ..."   "Organic growth" vs Top down.
No
This is among the few cases that have not been debunked.
Pple don't pick their own names &  Timur @timurkuran is no different from Chighis or Alexander.
No, because they use a different vocabulary which , as a trader, had to learn.  Gabish?
Added this to the final draft: the problem with universalists. pic.twitter.com/tdRAnB829K
Yes you keep because the fellow is eliciting a discussion on substance.
Imbecile, you didn't get the point.
NITPICKING: Commenting/debating a point of no relevance to the substance of the argument; whether right or wrong, no effect, while distracting pple.  Gabish?
I initially made the same mistake before @m_j_wiener alerted me that at 1-1/sqrt{2} there are values of a & b for which the inequality doesn't hold. not for \lamda=½.
Sunday Heuristic: Block nitpickers before trolls as they damage the discourse much more effectively by diverting it (pple engage nitpickers more than trolls).
With exception of working dogs --even those not well accepted by religious police. Let me warn you: I block nitpickers before trolls.
3) And ha! Zaraqu means both BLUE and GREEN! pic.twitter.com/cxTuXtdgUa
2) In Aramaic, both Green and Yellow <= ירוק pic.twitter.com/QdPw809iFU
The problem as I see it pic.twitter.com/qb7BlZdDLo
The answer is Jensen's ineq. Deleted, will repost.
Yes, correcting.
Tarjamt Taḱt Prokrustes xal kinxané-jdid (Modern Canaanite). pic.twitter.com/2wl4yhstXF
Came later young man
Came late, from color of makup for eyes.
Semitic Philology Saturday. Recall frm Antifragile that Greeks (and Heb) had no word for color blue. Closest old semitic word for Green is...Erz (->Cedar) or 7ashab (->wood) or ירוק   ورق ->paper
Not in my experience but one never knows.
Actually this is not bad.
When I have drinks w/someone on the left (I do weekly), nobody on the right bothers me. When I have drinks w/someone on the right, the "left" goes wild. (f*** them).  #PopperParadox: never, never tolerate intolerance.
In Brazil, I thought kidnappers settled for 10-20% of the NW of the victim. Saudi Arabia: 70%. Corruption Schmoruption: none shd ever invest in Aramco, stock in a country that expropriates to balance budget. #ضد_آل_سعود
Never leave home without the table.  (Abr & Stigum) pic.twitter.com/oSxVgi16QS
Hossein, remember there are conspiracy theorists on BOTH sides & I have drinks with BOTH. And I do not think he peddles anything "racist": R accusations tend to come from bullshitters.
How do I know that @Cernovich is not racist?  #SkinintheGame: He has a Persian Muslim wife (& a half Persian daughter). Ignore talk (by pple & abt pple), observe what people do.
Pic  was Oct 30.
Lecture on Cybercrime at RWRI 6: Our policy now is to hire instructors from 1) past attendees 2) people who practice exactly what they talk about. No academic should teach anything nonacademic. pic.twitter.com/A81t3glD7E
Should I expand the steps or this is OK?
Happy Birthday Mike C @Cernovich pic.twitter.com/ye98U8cCxf
Pray, do.
Thought of the day: never trust the thought & science of anyone who is not free. Being free means no honors, no position, nothing other than one's own thought. pic.twitter.com/nUZo5gbB3V
Arc Sin the special case! pic.twitter.com/9XZnfi86xM
My answer is here: SITG vs CONFLICT OF INTEREST pic.twitter.com/F0NeZ4VnUG
Answered but long answer. You need to trade conflict of interest for SITG. SITG wins at the systemic level.
Means optionality.
I let you guess
 pic.twitter.com/25f2rQuBgG
When you coming to RWRI?
Hihi do you mind telling us where you live?
He read my MS and tried to replace his name w/Samuelson. A mensch.
Tat Ken Binmore’s version who insisted in attribution to Samuelson.
Sam, my friend, why are you arguing with idiots?
Ok I need to mend with my Iberic friends: NOTHING is close to the Serrano, etc. Thanks Cesar at the RWRI seminar for the gift pic.twitter.com/4GvoAsdNBI
Which explains why in Levantine left is Shmel from Phoenician/Aramaic not Yassar.
Semitic Philology Du Jour:  Yamina (right) in Heb/Aram same root as “Yemen”  = South; Smola/Shmola(left) same as “Bledel Shem”= North; “Shami“ =Northerner
So far...
PATERNITY TEST:  These Leb Arabists fed on fabricated theories of migrations from Arabia are in shock, like someone who went through paternity test & realizes his father isn't his father.
You have a problem of circularity in your definitions. Severe pbm. All Euros come from the Caucasus != all Euros are Armenian/Georgians.
The point is that both sides need to be multiplied by a constant arcsinh(1) to allow for x_0=0, x_1=1
You don't get it. Neolithic Anatolian farmers were not Arabs.
You don't seem to understand the notion "European" is a modern Alpine invention. Doesn't map to much.,
no
Fixed, Ian. Thanks. pic.twitter.com/z8nJOqV3Cr
Right, correction term. pic.twitter.com/HklfISFMuX
"Geographically, it’s part of the region": Why do all Arab nationalists bullshit? Athens is MUCH closer than Riyadh. And there is a desert+mountain separating.
Actually they DID NOT practice tophet. We now have evidence practice was not in existence by 6th C BC
People you block feel compelled to read what you post.
I block imbeciles.
Dear imbecile, Zalloua is on both MY piece and the paper you are using to contradict it.   Please google Wiki before anything. And learn that * means [not] pic.twitter.com/aa6g9IpgrR
My point is that they discovered baby cemeteries & thought abt the tophet (abandoned) but that the Punics had habits of special cemeteries for kids and the ratio there was no higher than expected from expected demographics.
very very little.
Actually the baby sacrifice turned out to be untrue, mor not true by the 6th BC. The Punics just had a cemetery for babies.
You know I block imbeciles? Do not take it personally.
This is imbecilic. You know no history.
Hyperbolic Identities pic.twitter.com/5GHoy3Y1YW
I got the sinh idea from a commentator here on twitter.
 pic.twitter.com/agFbqt2fPB
I am on the rush but I think we can pull out sinh[F[n]] where F[n] is a Fibonacci function.  Will clean up... pic.twitter.com/zLaEDqsWmS
Not good PCA. Only works for extremes.
Gigantic Squid Ink plate. pic.twitter.com/OSKjASCenm
Mr Ali, I block idiots; I hope you don't mind.
No, this is BS. I said Shia are as original as others. I block liars.
Avec Zeldin!
Low IQ is for the Clown Prince. You are not the ruler.
Indeed! 15% of Saudis & people from Northern Arabia are J2.
He lived 3 days at my expense, fed & lodged.
Being part of the Ottoman Empire (500 y) was being part of East Med ("Near East") on top of 3000 y of Greco-Phoenician-Byzantine. Leb airline was "Trans Mediterranean Airlines", successor "Middle East Airlines" when Arabs started having $$. Arabization is recent.
Very very little gene flow from the Peninsula
Is Cyprus in the "Middle East"?
Not quite. There is a Phoenician renaissance across most groups, especially Shiites.
Good News: The resentment of Saudi Barbaria in Lebanon, across all communities, is helping the country come back to the Eastern Mediterranean & its Phoenician/Greco-Roman heritage, away from the Middle East.
12 y is Lindy.
An enemy you know who lives you alone for 12 years is the best enemy. Gabish?
Dror, Leb Shiites and Iran have common interests/worldview, but not identical payoffs.  This is critical.
3) For those who don't get it "good neighbor" here doesn't refer to exchange of holiday gifts, only absence of "tit for tat" & tacit understanding of dynamics.
2) these game theoretic situations of coordination w/speaking (Axelrod) are common in the animal kingdom.
You didn't get the point.
Leb Shiites & Israel seem to have unspoken non-agression "good-neighbor" pact unblemished for >11 y. No real territorial claims/sources of dispute. Don't expect the Israelis to go to war for low-IQ-yet-Napoleonic Saudi w/no skin in the game.  Gabish?
The problem with such systems is that the longer you wait to fix it, the worse the collapse.
@petelx60
Fixed, using same note as in text pic.twitter.com/ZIdL1aRoWM
Both
Added entries to the glossary pic.twitter.com/ez2YYDpip9
And remember to NEVER humiliate a bedouin in public. pic.twitter.com/iwbHyEiZZB
That’s exactly what I mean
Adding: monoculture (intellektshual)  ( at the gym have nothing  other than twitter to remember)
Adding: scalability
Requires that. It is expectation
There is an ENTIRE chapter. Gabish?
Adding: merchandizing of virtue.
Last minute addition: The Glossary. Any comments? pic.twitter.com/cSmS7adKrt
Hihi, what's your first name & city?
City?
I HATE this NYT Bestseller thingy. But non negociable with publisher.
Small strip, less than 5-10% of population.
When are you coming to RWRI as guest? Next week works.
I know I messed up. I was complimenting my hosts and forgot the taste of Serrano.
City of residence? Thanks
Looking for first name and city of residence of TakingHayekSeriously @FriedrichHayek
Did not vote for Trump. Gabish?
Neither Sumer nor Egypt are Meds. Gabish?
Publishers put quotes by hotshots on back of books. I hate it. Told them I would get GENUINE quotes from REAL users e.g. "Joe from Denver". Collecting quotes from readers (and re-readers) of Incerto & drafts of SITG. Please add to this thread. pic.twitter.com/YNXMr9uDND
Thanks the issue was solved. Thanks a million.
Who finances the Arabia Foundation?  Gabish?
Imbecile, Saudi Arabia is trying to destroy minorities in Syria and Lebanon. Why the fuck don't you leave us alone?
#ClownPrinceofSaudiBarbaria
My characterization of the Clown Prince of Saudi Barbaria:                   a low-IQ brat.  You can't be both.
Still notation is not perfect I need to make all vectors with arrows, etc.
Repetition reduces dimensionality.
(revision) I wrote the 2 editions of Bed of Procrustes (Incerto, Vol. 3, a book of aphorisms) as tweets under the PROCRUSTEAN BED of 140 ch. limit. No aphorism should exceed ~140 ch.
They are equal.
Q: What are you trying to do with Skin in the Game (& the Incerto)?  A:         Separating the fake from the true in anything: business, scholarship, academia, history, weightlifting, speeches, literature, war, mathematics of probability, politics, food...
Resolved. Thanks all!
You bet. He is the REAL thing.
I ran a shortcut, got .0713935  Can rewrite the shorter equation. pic.twitter.com/gC3kjaj52P
Correction. The “anti-corruption” crown prince RECENTLY bought a $500 million yacht. My problem isn't so much the use of corruption to grab power. It's the war mongering. The fellow is destroying Yemen.
Thanks a million. Can I get your address to send you something upon publication?
Yes, but how can you export to RTF?
Actually filtering before running: all we need is partitions of 8 elements or more.
It explodes... 300 million summands. Found a trick to break up calculations but this may take 12 hours... pic.twitter.com/NI8LRUP5HN
And warmonging?
Hi, which browser can I use? Thanks!
Running result, this is the general formula. pic.twitter.com/PDfjRfpJG6
OK, OK, not as good. But OK.
T Shirt I got in Brazil x nao e f(x) ( x is not f(x) ) pic.twitter.com/uYWmJKGRPB
Ok Ok almost as good.
Antifragile in Brazil! pic.twitter.com/g1RsXgjYEh
Typo
Is (war obsessed) Saudi Arabia socially, culturally, and intellectually one of the most BACKWARD nations on Planet Earth?
Note that Monte Carlo methods for the problem converge very slowly.  Combinatorial issues.
Can someone explain why S. Barbaria w/GDP= 20K p capita (only oil), Yuge Youth unemployment, unskilled, Yuge deficit, is involved in wars?
This is a logit, an inverse cumulative dist. Should be easy to prove.
Brazil pic.twitter.com/DVORB4hpsK
Errata: “with d independent trials” @erugli @CutTheKnotMath
No difference of opinion shd EVER allow spreading fake memes.  But no difference of opinion shd EVER lead to call for censorship. pic.twitter.com/pM66gWRkuM
Actually Arabic uses "Rumi" for Byzantine and "Yunani" for Greek, from Yavan/Yawan (Ionian) in Aramaic.
My ID card in Lebanon when I was a child, said "Rum", after the Ottoman Millet: it was a sort of nationality (as in Russia today).
While I do not have much respect for Mary Beard, as a scholar I very very strongly disapprove such memes. Pls, pls don't put my handle.
Being nice in a non-BS way. pic.twitter.com/lZtiYK3ycQ
2) For the Holy Roman Empire was never Roman: Byzantium was. Nor was it ever Holy. Nor was it an Empire.
1) N. Europe's usurpation of Ancient Western Civilization (Med) was started w/the Holy Roman Empire usurpation of the Roman Empire.
Right bank, no?
Squid ink with @MichaelSagnerMD pic.twitter.com/by4McV1eaW
You can see the Lindy effect: of the 100 authors that made it ~70 y later, I think ~16% had the Nobel.
You read my mind.
Tweets deleted periodically until 1 year ago.
Just to let you know that I despise Arab nationalists. Gabish?
Correction. Note that Hariri is a BANKRUPT Saudi lackey living partly in Saudi Arabia.
Note that Hariri is a Saudi lackey living partly in Saudi Arabia.
Practical consequence on BigData BS: Divide a state into 16 counties: 17% probability of 1 county RANDOMLY having 6 times the state average.
Small difference.
The shortest (but not necessarily best) answer, using combinatorics.  cc:@erugli pic.twitter.com/sj2CK8TXnK
But the country is already run by eunuchs.
Gallocentric
A few 5 times
Did...
98 1/8  (Ulysses)
20th c?
OK, literary books.
Interesting. (Akkadian) Semitic root RDF still used in "radafa al aklu"= swallowed food without chewing. pic.twitter.com/ArkWil3qEh
The approach @erugli pic.twitter.com/ZXTAAd6UBo
Avoid double counting!
The general case is easy for n=8, as you don't have more than 2 cases of duplications i=3, i=4. If you have triplication, longer equation
You need to sum m=3,4,5,6,7,8
The problem becomes very, very simple if you reformulate it. That's the point of the exercise.
at least.
PROBABILITY QUIZ: How randomness should almost never look random. (spurious cancer cluster in Fooled by Randomness)  @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/1Svrn0IB69
Syria spent 1100 years as Greco-Romans and  thecoast perhaps 350 more off and on.
Ask Alicia for a scholarship.  Didn't you attend once before?
Closed. No more SSRN. pic.twitter.com/kKEA1SQWDW
In other words, what Brenner can't get, is that the other car on the highway is not trying to kill you.  False comparisons. Sad!
People don't discriminate on ethnicity/class as much as on looks/ attractiveness.  Are diversitymongers focusing on wrong attributes?
Continue reading: policy has nothing to do with probability.
For those slow in getting it, terrorism is game-theoretic, terrorists get the signal to attack if you reduce vigilance, unlike health.
I block people with defective reasoning from contaminating my feed.
Virtue Merchandising is from me.
A lot of mistranslations into Arabic:  Kenoro = mnawwar not Kinara. Malko Mshi70 not Al Malak alMasi7 but alMasi7 alMalak
The skin in the game symmetry does more for social justice than all the communist BS taken together. pic.twitter.com/UJ1nAjkpPa
Kahneman showed we are fooled by randomness. But Thaler thinks the policyschmong is exempt. I hold he is even MORE fooled than regular pple.
Big data schmig data pic.twitter.com/mhwr7INCB5
Nitwit, I do not write SCIENTIFIC papers on Medium.
Science should be science. pic.twitter.com/ZH8Xsylfgk
I am closing my account with SSRN.  My papers will be on ArXiv. pic.twitter.com/JUHBSGSv1z
Saurabh, the BS detector made me block him.
This is giberish. It allows anyone to accuse calumniate with impunity.
It is NOT a false equivalence. Asymmetry is asymmetry.
Further, wrongly accusing someone of "discrimination" is as odious as discrimination itself. @RogueRad
decision without asymmetry  science without skepticism
#Asymmetry
Sexism, racism, & other forms of discrimination are odious  Some don't get that discrimination in the opposite direction is equally odious
OK, OK. The book is done. pic.twitter.com/y5QjbIkEAM
I have no trouble paying, it is just the paperwork.
Friends, looking for a public domain picture of Eddie Hall weightlifting. Thanks in advance! pic.twitter.com/9iKQ7Fg7AY
P(Y-X>d) pic.twitter.com/jeSGLjanFw
Now with this I can compute: +Proba B has n more heads than A, etc. +Proba B has n fewer heads than A...
I will write details (and LaTeX) later, here is the general formula with answer=½  @alxpr1c3 pic.twitter.com/09BfWNX9Ie
REVISED pic.twitter.com/1ol364UFP0
Quiz du jour as a general solution to A B's quiz. pic.twitter.com/2ULmK1AnXY
You mean allow false accusation? Imbecile.
It was not squid ink, but black pasta. Huge difference. The latter doesn't stain.
Garbage
Hammurabi's code: He who falsely accuses someone of a crime is to be penaliized as if he committed it himself Applies to all: right,left,...
Maybe it is not for you. You should go read someone else. Or the @NewYorker
Where? Which restaurant?
Disagree
Incomplete not irrational
Fucking idiot, Mr Urcu, then what are you?
Marco, they are paying a fine and acknowledgng doing wrong, harassing citizens. It is not hearsay. And harassing citizens is not job descr
Jews were Meds. Period.
By definition, what works cannot be irrational.  #lindy, #skininthegame
Proof coming...
Not a proof yet but a regularity. pic.twitter.com/8AkXgbFm6Z
BTW putting you in my new book pic.twitter.com/FlwXsbHRfO
Ha! You just defined anachronism and miscategorization.
I guess trick is 2^n in base 2 is 1 followed by n 0s.
Classify Iranians as "Asians",then you MUST classify ½ classics as "Asians":Lydians, Bithynians,Ponthians, Cilicians, ~all church founders
How to deal with copyeditors. The more nitpicking a copyeditor, the more likely he is to miss an important mistake. pic.twitter.com/mFLM2mYnrs
“Mr T, I like your work but you call too many pple fraudsters”  Me: “There are many fraudsters”
You need to realize that the only thing a career academic can really teach you is how to be a career academic. Gabish?
I pay 100.
.
IMbecile. This is not what I am saying. They were NOT professional scholars.  Imbecile.
No, the point as I showed in FBR is that if you narrow matters to naive evidence, then NECESSARILY you end up make the naive mistake above.
Imbecile.
Your are using deductive LOGIC not inductive "evidence".
Then you should accept learning to pilot a plane from someone who has NEVER been in the air.
There is NEVER (narrow) evidence of Black Swans before event By Hitchen's logic, someone who never died = immortal, as no evidence of death.
The heroes of history were not virtue-signaling library rats. You can't learn classical values from career "classicists". (just added) pic.twitter.com/Ex31CPs2ZW
I added a general solution in my LaTeX link
Compare fractional Brownian motion with hurst exponent to GARCH.
See my new response. I add a link to the TeX file for Alexander to put in his solution folder if he likes it.
Better than GARCH. Fractional
Volatility begets volatility.
Got a general form, can't read your thing Joshua, but now that you are here I will open a colloquium on your HotHand w/quizzes
The general form pic.twitter.com/G6lF6A7caD
And a general rule to follow via permutations. pic.twitter.com/VspYAyJKM2
Need to fix notation P(W_i)=P(W_i=b) and recurse... But simple conditional/total probability argument. pic.twitter.com/plwKdEkIDR
Some only find expression as part of mob shaming, when SAFE to do so, & in the bargain, think that they are displaying virtue.  Not virtue.
No
We are starting to have DNA databases & a mathematical apparatus to get real genetic distance...  But that was for the East Med spirit.
A modern novel for the Byzantine Ambassador representing the Ottomans as continuation … @byzantinepower pic.twitter.com/RRvSChcnFA
OK, OK, you are absolved.
This is for Christians in the East that you guys are trying to exterminate.
Waiting time in probability excludes event.
Isocrates Silver Rule: Treat weaker states the way you would like stronger states to treat you.  Apply to Calalunya. #skininthegame pic.twitter.com/sxoLRcecBr
Alternative solution. Can put in TeX if needed. pic.twitter.com/8vdOcoUlxZ
Can you use my mathematica code?
I need the same random seed.
Equations used pic.twitter.com/1Xgt7DIoR3
Rough Volatility Process (using a Voltera roughness coefficient) pic.twitter.com/640gGEu8cT
Yt (the voltera process) under various degrees of roughness. a in [-½,0] pic.twitter.com/ywZY1f0pi2
Not moral to tell the Catalans whether they shd be independent, unless you let them decide on your own sovereignty #skininthegame #symmetry
punishment.
Never said "always".
Why "weakened" not increased?
The point is that nature is a statistician-- has more significance -- is often missed.
Nothing emotional.
It was by design, in the construction of Cyrillic.
You are reading BS, industry financed publications.
It is the convolution in Yt I may have problems with, it is a silly transformation of an integrand into an iterator.
The Ш does not mean "al l"
Can email file
Do you see mistakes in this? pic.twitter.com/PF8vb13sXJ
The TeX file above is updated.
Of course! pic.twitter.com/ro96Me91Ap
Done pic.twitter.com/q5AzCCZzm1
Even more details pic.twitter.com/XMJbS3cktW
More details pic.twitter.com/EuSydEX5fh
No Mathematica?
any apple is 1 and the probability of picking ALL apples ->1. In a way an intuitive connection to Zero-One Laws.
1) Hilbert's Hotel! A set with countably infinite number of elements can accommodate finitely many new members! The probability of picking
No code yet?
Shorter, cleaned up version. pic.twitter.com/TzVSHnkBvK
Done!
Alpine-Nordic Anatolians-Meds (extends to Georgia-Armenia, Causasus)
I usually block someone who uses a dictionay as a reference for a concept. I see how in my fields (probability, finance) it is mishandled.
Alpines would suffice.
Actually, no.  Butter starts north of the Po river, so Gaula Cisalpina
Excellent!
Conservatism doesn't mean that. It is the RATE of innovation that is slower than w/ "progressives"
I didn't ask for their opinion on that.
Poor nitwit; it is your fundamental misunderstanding of probability, particularly with elections that matters. You are Kluuuuuueless.
Cher homonyme, vous avez oublié de nous parler.
Voltaire did not deadlift. He was too much salon. And his mistress had a child by another man.
In the article linked
Do you see an Aleph in the textile?
Dynamically necessary. Life is path dependent.
Sorry, didn't pay attention to the question. You want the process for which E(X)=½ E(Y)?
I can put in Latex later pic.twitter.com/9UZwXQGGhZ
Strawman, it says. Imbecile.
Not my style at all. Mob schmob, I am committed to freedom of expression, whatever the cost.
Also @holland_tom took real risks for his book, followed something to its logical conclusion.
Dear Prof. Beard, I am aware of your attempts (direct & via an overactive mob) at constraining my rights of expression.  The answer is no.
OK, OK, some low-IQ German.
No, idiot, cites the Smithonian and my OWN data.
Thanks!
Konstantinopl was the center, or axis Konstantinopl-Baghdad, or Asia Minor. Moved north from Alexandria.
2) The mechanism is historian cite historian cite historian, with a weird chain, as Indians say Salma told Sabrina. All over hist of wars.
Not all! Actually was talking about you. Am in Moscow and said you said before America the center of the world was south of here.
Thirst is as necessary as hunger. #Antifragile
Can you post PDF?
1/ Many aggressive pseudolibs have smthg highly politically incorrect hidden in them. -Weinstein demeans women -Mary Beard is deeply racist
Fixed typo, shd be >=71 not >1 Tightened equation pic.twitter.com/Wij05N1Iqc
Someone who paid you $$$K for silence?
So stage works best when it is set by design to be v. different from life.  Not, like Hollywood, trying to make life an imitation of itself.
Theater works best when actors wear masks, signifying the actor's idiosyncracies are supplanted by those of the character.
Theater works well because it makes no attempt at reality... movies work the other way.
The problem is more interesting as you presented it originally, with a correction term.
In Moscow traffic; can put in Latex if needed.
Now is CNN aware that misogynist Michael Weiss violates the moral and ethical rules that CNN itself claims having?
Yes, payback in kind and in ^2.
So not only do actors not look like other citizens, they don't behave like other citizens & movies misrepresent lives of citizens. All fake!
For n finite, the probability is not quite 1/n pic.twitter.com/POgdNSQqRI
And this is sophistry as you would be  both extorting and paying. Imbecile
No, imbecile. Only if you keep it hush!
On my way to Moscow for a lecture at Moscow State U. Tuesday
& rape apologist
Ms Jakubas, are you willingly distorting? It is the man you cover for who will commit other crimes. Your remarks are disgusting.
Ms Jakubas, so you seem to condone selling silence and causing more victims. Very insensitive, very cruel to women.
There is enough to show that CNN BS vendor journalist Michael Weiss @michaeldweiss is misogynist & has pro-fascist pro-Alqaeda tendencies.
witchhunts
Fucking idiot it is the payment for silence.
Is it a krime?
Using like @dandrezner a strawman to tag someone you don't like "racist","sexist", "somethingist" to trigger whichhunts is morally repellent
what does it have to do with Monsanto?
Fucking idiot I am talking about compensation FOR SILENCE.
The very idea of strawmanning puts someone in my trash can. Dan Drezner is pure trash.
Why is whole foods complicit?
Actors represents to us on the screen how other citizens are; but they are too fake to be like other citizens.  No #skininthegame, all image
No, IMBECILE, because of accepting money to keep SILENCE.  IMBECILE!
By what logic is accepting payment to perpetuate the system NOT creating future victims?  Selling one's silence is non negociable ethically.
No, imbecile. It is payment to stay silent!
Sir, did you get paid to keep it mum?
Or, worse, blackmail.   @schmittpaula
North Arabian. Almost Judean.
Paper will be on Archiv next Tue.
Election Predictions as Martingales: An Arbitrage Approach, forthcoming in Quantitative Finance. pic.twitter.com/YQMb2WhbhL
Genetic maps / gene flow conflict with common accounts.
But I mute some idiots like @dandrezner to maintain their state of vindictive resentment. More useful.
He is klueless need to block him.
Another Jensen! With max \sqrt(n) and min 1/n ... derivations TK
Impossible here, just slight move causes stain.
Hayde mafiya mushklé.
Stupid pple have political "scientist" friends. Blocking them keeps your feed clean of political scientists & other bullshitters. Gabish?
Mitocondrial haplogroups are not robust. Needs the Y chromosome.
For now, the probabilistic approach. pic.twitter.com/IKIXUpO0qW
Romans wd despise today's scholars of Rome, as "tawkers", nonrisktakers, e.g., a nondoer "expert" on Stoicism s.a.@mpigliucci #skininthegame
Most of all, Romans gave actors a pariah rank in society, because they "faked" by profession. #skininthegame
Shin and Waw, obvious. J2a haplogroup.
Comment 1: A few idiots ranting here (now blocked) didn't get that barbers, technologists & artisans are not included in my hobbyist list.
Vlach are J2b !
Some pursuits such as 1) love, 2) science, and 3) politics are more genuine when carried out by hobbyists rather than professionals.
Komnenos was J2?
WEINSTEIN Punish him for exploitation of women.  But he seeking treatment for libido  Not misuse of power/hypocrisy/virtue signaling!
Not Maronites. They are genetically local.
not same root. visibly
Only Arabists can make remarks as silly as this.  Like saying Italy speaks a dialect of French.
Semitic lang have no fixed vowels: LGH= Lugha, Logha, lgha, ligha, lgho, logho. Can be pronounced according to mood.
O fearful Lord.
Ligha from Logos = Language
Circular. The neighbors don't speak Arabic, but something influenced by Shami.
Dakhil origin: Aramaic corrupted, not Arb (DKL) pic.twitter.com/YMDqnJcfgJ
He is looking at slots not digits.
In words, first problem pic.twitter.com/3LHINfOhMi
Pronounciation in English has very little to do with spelling. It is the most used language.
Let's NOT make the esperanto mistake -rationalizing English pronun. is all over the map "Ossining"= Assining; "club"=Clab, etc. People adapt
The codified needs to lend itself to daily use
Brute force pic.twitter.com/rVjIIy858b
The idea is to allow people to spontaneously write something on social media, without extra steps.
Maltese works because it has minimal switches @turlevnon pic.twitter.com/zaPWxxGzZH
Cognitive load is a problem. You need easy access by bilinguals. Which is why 3 works
The core pic.twitter.com/BDMNFd0d19
None, just that support changes hence all equations.
Yes, my point.
How about Chi from Greek?
Na22e 7arf ma7al l ع (bil siryéné ܥ wbil aramé ע ) lallébnéné ljdid. ч amma 3 ?
The whole idea is to de-Arabize.
...almost. If support is [0 \infty), (-\infty, 0], or -\infty, \infty
Pick a letter as substitute for ع (equiv to ܥ in Syriac or ע in Aramaic) for Modern Lebanese. ч or 3 (note that ч  is from the Cyrillic)
J2 is not "middle-east" but East Med R1b high in Armenia, 14% in N. Lebanon Syria E1b1b is South Med, shame as Greece G same as Leb/Greece
So as an anthropologist, @davidgraeber you can see that classifications ARE politically driven.
In medio stat virtus
The Arabs did the same. They viewed themselves as half way between the Meds (Rum & "Shami",i.e. Greeks and Syrians)/Persians and Indians.
My problem is white being used as indicative of purity not ancestry.
Imbecile, why don't you answer point abt gene flow instead of determining what is or isn't my subject ? Imbecile.
The @EUDelegationTur doesn't get that the Turks didn't "come to" Mardin (small DNA flow). Turkish speaking simply means someone converted. pic.twitter.com/MYvq281BHV
Indeed ArcTan[3/8] pic.twitter.com/VMiPHFMxnC
Nietzsche's Master-Slave morality in modern terms:     Reputation is for slaves,     Honor, Courage, & Integrity is for the Self-Owned.
Not everyone.
One can actually do the reverse and use Miurhead to prove Schur for n=4 and t=0.
Adam, I see who you are responding to. The troll is lying, I was only employed for ~8 y out of past 32.
Online?
Please, this is only for US residents who follow me on Twitter.  Where did you get the last book you've read?
Bezos is 600 x richer. The point is influence, not lifestyle.
"Tings" I learned today: a- There is no money in glamor (W's stake is 130 m pretax) b- You don't have to be really rich to buy into politics pic.twitter.com/9wNWwr8EFN
Not yet... pic.twitter.com/bh6HwjJQbC
They have been corrected in production...
Yes, t=0 not convered. Then it gets even more interesting: permutations for Schur's inequality for 3 variables, with t=1.
You mean t strictly positive?
3/3 The more people do "data" the less they understand its information.
In other words, don't cross a river because it is 4 feet deep ON AVERAGE.  Gabish? #Antifragile
Pupils need to be!
Schur + Miurhead? pic.twitter.com/3WK7ArVz0e
Squid ink pic.twitter.com/O3qSCTY8Vu
There are no or little Ghassanid & other Christian tribes genes among Christians in Leb.
Not really. It is asymmetric in favor of the less rich. If the perpetrator is rich, the payoff is large enough to interest lawyers on cont.
If she is really being defamed, law suits are very very effective.
Arabists...
My friend Tom is falling (mildly) into British identity politics & reclassifications of past ethnicities according to today's EU  borders.
Lebanon was the mountain, Phoenicia was the coast.
Counter to Arabists BS vendors, there was in 4th C. Roman province called "Phoenicia" & there were "Phoenicians". Libanius (Autobiography) pic.twitter.com/4Drb9552BR
Cirillo lektchuring my class on extreme value distributions pic.twitter.com/s1D5EXglUr
OK,OK, new title again pic.twitter.com/kyRFZvRU5x
OK, OK, So new subtitle pic.twitter.com/yAzfereSrz
Finally, @DrCirillo came to spend a couple of weeks in New York. We plan on finishing the book and publishing by February. pic.twitter.com/cPLSrUZREd
Image not clear
No, why?
Una lezzione Calabrese, la lezzione "na vota u mese" (once a month) pic.twitter.com/8BoYR9K6Vg
Ignore him, Marcelle
Friends, can Anyone answer:What are the proportions if haplogroups/ subclades in Catalunya?
Lindy: Progress means change, but not too fast. pic.twitter.com/7vr5C6GkfG
Catalunya.
A function in Mathematica to get the [a]-Mean (mean across all permutations); helps w/ Miurhead's ineq & other uses of a generalized mean. pic.twitter.com/ClIJzpeU8V
Supposedly Pivot gave him the questions and Nabokov memorized the answers. Nabokov was also semi-drunk.
In spite of his claims supposedly his French was shaky.  Paulhan claimed he could barely speak it.
Read  his lektchurs on Russian Lit, hated his comments on Dostoyevski.  Also he read Proust in transl. by W Scott Moncrief.
No clue, my friend.
This holds largely for EastMed and partly for WestMeds.
Current Northern Iranians... just from data.
Never thought the Ambassador @byzantinepower would drink anything but wine.
Population Genetics du Jour: If Armenians/Georgians/Iranians(N)/Anatolians/Kurds look Mediterranean, it's because Meds originate from there.
"Dear Dr T, Someone sent me an article in which you wrote [some insult] abt me" Translation: "I googled my name & found your mentioning me"
Imbecile, it is not whether you can force her to make choices, but whether you LIKE her to do something.
No, Greek also.
Exactly, mirror proof. Everything is 0 except for 1 value at infinity.
There is an identity: Actan(x)+Arctan(1/x)=Pi/2
Obviously, n>=3, and it gets complicated rather quickly.
A new challenge. Initial from @erugli , @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/bs1cHjf5ZX
David, I blocked this incoherent troll @bongobango555
Also finding the minimum is Pi/2 for all n>1 10^6 simulations pic.twitter.com/LDHjXVdS9Y
The problem is being fooled by the Lagrange multiplier. Because it is only a local maxima. pic.twitter.com/fkvTihLqI4
The skin in the game (symmetry) Q is:   Would you like your daughter to appear in Playboy?  If so, then do the interview. Otherwise, shut up
You mean at most n-1 pi/2
Exactly; that's what I did.
Looks like @erugli is right, the upper bound is (n-1) pi/2; the mean is n pi/4.
n=3,4,5,6,7 pic.twitter.com/OljN9g7be2
Partial list of interviewees... Two-faced "left" intellectuals using a vehicle demeaning to women for own self-promotion. pic.twitter.com/bcFVOMQDuW
n= odd, for the one that is in the middle, Pi/4 since \arctan(1)=\pi/4 . Let me show for n=5.
For instance if half the delta_i are +\infty the other half -\infty the sum will be n Pi/4
Michael the taxi driver took you for a ride. You are in Byblos, not Beirut.
1) is to approximate the bound. \delta_i cancel out, so they don't have to be small. And cubic and > powers cancel out easily compared to ^2
An "interview" in Playboy is the equivalent of putting a prayer room in the middle of a bordello, w/the excuse that it attracts worshippers.
In my world, ALL terms need to be defined upfront, in the paper.
First thing upon waking up. Part 2 and Latex to follow. pic.twitter.com/MEIEULZAXc
Genetic Literacy Project is a Monsanto mouthpiece meant to smear scientists who disagree. Should NEVER be relied upon. Gabish?
So, Mary Beard, with all this career bloviating in books you can't tell the difference between DESCRIPTIVE & NORMATIVE?
This guys misrepresents position. Block.
Mary Beard You are hinting that I stand AGAINST equality? You keep proving you are intellectuallly DISHONEST, insecure, and a BS artist.
Mary Beard ou are hinting that I stand AGAINST equality? You keep proving you are intellectualy DISHONEST, insecure, and a BS artist.
What "humble" brag? There is nothing humble about me and I do NOT hide it. Gabish?
Was told it was the most impactful & most read interview on the planet.  Many "serious" authors did it: Nabokov, Mailer, Moravia, Rand...
Please, notice I made no comment about the fellow. I am discussing a Magazine. Gabish?
Playboy. I can proudly say that the Playboy Interview is the first interview I ever declined, when I was invited in 2008.
Sorry. It is a bot.
Yes, will blocked the sophist.
Tax plan: if passed, will it be retro-effective for 2017 (as was Reagan's)?
No. Came from Caucasus. GAbish?
Could be directly from North. Chechnia, etc. Your map is wrong. East Med coast, j1 ~ 15%
Even Kohanim have J1e, so one should focus on ratios, not just presence.
J1 is not necessarily Arabian. J1e is. Here about same ratio as in Greek islands, if not less.
Iza inta akramtal al karimu makaktahu Wa in akramta l' la'imu tamarrada  Al Mutanabbi
Not just Byzantine, though. The DNA of the Koura, shows some Krusader genes. Mountains nearby: Armenian genes (Mardaitis)  @PZalloua pic.twitter.com/upZIjvRhfA
Twitter is very good about this. They have closed targeted accounts.  And they would deliver IP addresses under specific subpoenas.
Those who have equal rights today are complaining much, much more than when they didn't have them.
Actually, just realized that while he is in Brazil, hence protected, if you sue here w/o satisfaction, he can never get a visa.
He has been harrassing @erugli, @DrCirillo, and others who complained to me. You can get his IP but suing him in Brazil is hard.
Will translate into TeX
Dear friends,  Someone anonymous I've blocked are targeting gents I interract w/ & harrass them. I suggest blocking & reporting to twitter.
How about Zenobia? She almost became a Roman Emp.
Indeed. pic.twitter.com/94kEeKAkAy
Was last weekend. Usually there 1 long weekend a month.
I suspect the bound is n Pi/4. The n=2 case was coincidental. pic.twitter.com/OXFmqNosFZ
I am certain you did not pick the subtitle; it was picked by the Centre du Monde Arabe propaganda office.
NonKapish. You mean hide your religion? Taqiyya?
Krusaders!
The best!
Arcsine law! The extremum of a Brownian motion is more likely to be early or late.
Great riddle... I think we can use Jensen's or some concavity trick... pic.twitter.com/V0BQP61Fsr
A footnote on associated accusations of "sectarianism" pic.twitter.com/WO5mzI1tpi
Something seems to be screwed up in your head. They accused the Turks of imposing the Turkish nation state on KURDS. Kapish?
Final Devaluation of "Racism":  Arabs/Turks accuse Kurds of "racism" for wanting their own state  Kurds accuse them of "racism" for opposing
I blocked the fellow but I assume you know you are dealing w/ Dietwarld Claus, a paid propagandist & a VILE individual.
Given that Amit beat me to it I am required to use another approach. pic.twitter.com/wXxnbxuIfs
Not just math, but probability theory. Requires advanced knowledge of probability.
Isocrates: Treat other states the way you'd like to by treated by them.  Silver Rule is the foundation of modern society. Apply to states. pic.twitter.com/Q66kGjJDg1
1918: Woodrow Wilson's doctrine of self determination.   2017: US/EU Position on Kurdistan driven by oil interests.
What's his position?
Thanks!
Please explain in one tweet 1) which one, 2) why. THanks!
So do Syrians.
Byzantine hymns in Greek in Amioun yesterday. pic.twitter.com/iJ1uWZxBoe
The above is interesting is there an ungated version? I can't find and can't use Univ acct as I am on the road.
I am dumb when I don't have skin in the game. pic.twitter.com/ZsGZyJe1NU
 pic.twitter.com/Auspo5WLTw
Ghassan in my house in Northern Phoenicia for the real thing pic.twitter.com/KULpWKkttP
Jacques Attali, Bernard Henry Levi, etc.
Tom, now that I have you, why is this prominently in both British History AND World History at Heathrow? pic.twitter.com/Ak2JcJF6BY
Did others evacuate?
Fact checking something for the book.  Do royals have to take more risks during war? pic.twitter.com/XDHUs9PYK9
The picture in the thread is at Heathrow. U.K. raises tons of cash by marketing to label- conscious Gucci- wearing rich foreigners w/kids.
What I mean by "education" is the current institutional framework. It bears less & less resemblance to its historical antecedents.
Education needs to KEEP proving itself.
No. Education was, at some point great, fast becoming rent-seeking for a group of parasites IYIs who indoctrinate our youths. pic.twitter.com/IklI1CYsp0
Some visual  intuitions of the reason and the frequencies for different p. pic.twitter.com/xejNSeh2dl
More generally, x^p, p>1 pic.twitter.com/LRGehjjnLL
Minority rule in action. One Polish, one Lithuanian, one Latvian, 3 neighboring countries, conversing in English. (With permission). pic.twitter.com/VarPydi6JC
Now that the book is finished (sort of), I can do probability for  entertainment. pic.twitter.com/iqurPT7zlh
"Dr" please show me a SINGLE paper by historians not misestimating violence.  A single one will do. Tawkers...
Abandoned swimming pool. pic.twitter.com/02dS3DAsrN
Tourism: visiting abandoned Soviet structures in Lithuania.  #Realworld tourism. pic.twitter.com/oivAeIXkAK
Pippa Malgren @DrPippaM  took a break from signing, so I signed a few of her books. pic.twitter.com/QtPVDyavkL
Which one?
Are the i_k necessarily ordered? i_2>i_3, etc?
This idiot Pullman doesn't know of google.
2) Now pple who are paid to smear anti-Monsanto, s.a. DIetwald Claus ALWAYS have some pbms Backgrnd: Holocaust denier, tobacco advocate,etc.
1) The strategy of Monsanto-funded smear campaigners like Dietwald Claus is to wait for someone to attack someone then come in w/remarks.
Fixed.  Now I am closer to the direct solution from a+b+c.
I know, calling "idiot" someone who is not an MD & reads archives for a living, yet has "Dr" in his twitter handle would hurrrrrrrrrrrrrt.
Updated
Typo pic.twitter.com/Kw65qT29rU
Too many econometricians.
Mr Pullman, never heard of you. But a fiction writer shd not be a spokesman for historians Other people may mistake you for someone learned.
I actually mean historians are worse: they don't understand what "overfitting" means & think by doing it they are "sophisticated".
3rd Solution to the problem,  Fibonacci's trick,  Greedy Algorithm for Egyptian Fractions pic.twitter.com/V8b3pCFZLx
Thalassa! After a long walk in the pine forest, the Baltic Sea. pic.twitter.com/kcTT4R6Jxv
Mr Pullman is a bullshit vendor, so you need to help him out a bit.
Hold off putting the answer. I am at a conference; I think it links to sort of number of divisors Harmonic/Arithmetic Means...
Show me the "better".
Asymmetry
Palanga, Lithuania. About to start my lektchur. pic.twitter.com/IzYnrBgFUF
My claim is that you are a BS vendor and you keep proving it.
Printed afterwards.
Nitwit, that was not my claim. My claim is overfitting as you just did.
Another ignorant-ignorant of their ignorance:@carolinepennock
I will DM
Brute force is never elegant. Replace thinking with computer power. But one can find the upper bound on variables(easy)
Get the author to show you links to the paper.
Give someone an inch, they will ask for a mile.
Also you will hate this, but there is a one line brute force. pic.twitter.com/9OIx1jSEXf
Like Syria?
When you want a fool to teach your children how to NOT think, Monbiot works well.
There IS a list.
palanga Lithuania. Are you in Gatwick?
On a plane to Gatwick, time to work on it.
OK, got the message, the idea is to try it using inequalities as 25/84=3/HarmonicMean[a,ab,abc] and solve for a+b+c form the bounds
never sandals!
There is something common to modern "liberal" and Sunni-Salafi education:   They teach students answers rather than how to ask questions.
You want to be blocked?
Lecturing on catastrophic/tail risks in Bermuda. When in Rome... pic.twitter.com/oWs7NNwtJ4
Let me know if this is acceptable I would transfer to TeX pic.twitter.com/6cXHVFr7p1
The problem of SJW, universalists, globalists, Islamists, neo-atheists, and modernists is that they take everything, every word) literally.
Imbecile
I don't know if it trivializes the problem but I am explicitly getting Det=8 a^2 b^2 c^2
Copy editors are English majors victims of thought police...  One wanted to change "American-style Options" to "U.S.-style" as more PC.
Corrected. I tend to post on twitter without even rereading. pic.twitter.com/u3JXovmpZe
Feb
Organization of the book. pic.twitter.com/0rkjPy8q8E
This solves it. Thanks! pic.twitter.com/kJKLbAnwbT
How do you use latex2rtf?
Denominators on the left are both smaller than one of right but I am in a taxi in Bermuda so ...
I guess one must uawe Bergstrom for the final part.
110%
There is more elegant: 4/(a+b) <= 1/a +1/b
The long route.  What works works, particularly on weekends. pic.twitter.com/5xtiDttknA
How can we reconcile the two?
I agree. Minority rule.
When I save as PDF, then use Acrobat to tr. to Word, the equations are messed up.
I am adding this to Skin In the Game. Anyone knows a good translator of TEX into Word? pic.twitter.com/JLZLIjPcpc
You are 10x better than me, then.
In traditional mathematics. pic.twitter.com/FAoz4M2rct
Now that the book is done:  Writing is 95% walking, 5% sitting. Mathematics is 95% sitting, 5% walking.
Tinkering before exact proof. Math is fun! pic.twitter.com/n1oVxGPwqf
Of course, father (and you) doktas in Arizona!
An English translation?
Friends, any translation of this (tarqtu'l khalqa tarran...)? Thanks pic.twitter.com/BDm9loTqYh
He does not deadlift
Sosie: Patrick Cassignol
In Italian it is 2 s one m. Reverse in Inglese.
Hidden Asymmetries in Daily Life
So Mr Makram Rabah, pls explain why your work should be read when:  You (willfully) mislabel  You fabricate facts  You lie on your resumé
I need your name for thanks pic.twitter.com/SAFOkZgwcV
Franj
This expression @ektrit you seem to attribute to Saint Morcos of Ephesus. True? pic.twitter.com/LnDAVM8EvY
Historians focus on the lurid and discount absence of evidence, with huge distortions in accounts. pic.twitter.com/YePixIeYa5
Then numerator and denominator are not separable. Tried calculus, worked.
Error! a+b+c >=3 not <=3
Sorry this is the one pic.twitter.com/JDdmM9Broe
the "in" is different from "of"
too long
Done! Changed subtitle again. Now copyediting & fight with copyeditors... pic.twitter.com/jZaathaYVD
Mr Rabah, it seems isn't just fabricating w/events but faking his resumé. Are others in the chain s.a. @jobahout @BenteScheller also liars?
Sprezzatura.
He teaches what? Not logic, I presume.
Also note that David Colquhoun is promoting Monsanto-funded smear material.
Saurabh, David Colquhoun a morally depraved man, and, sadly, quite clueless about probability theory. pic.twitter.com/snYbUJsZ1n
From SITG pic.twitter.com/5kNA2dz5zr
I blocked that random idiot lavoie. Questioning != rant.
Another "policy" fellow, Joseph Bahout @jobahout (whom I've met) at, of all places @CarnegieEndow disseminating from same dubious source. pic.twitter.com/Ig8EYZjFJW
To show you how messed up our information flow on Syria, see this "policy" specialist @BenteScheller citing a liar. pic.twitter.com/3x6RUEU3Ng
They are usually smarter about fact checking.
Now that I am done with Mr Makram Rabah (see thread above)  beware that his posts and journalism are read as source on the Syrian situation.
Mr Makram Rabah, pls explain why your journalism shd be read when:  1) You misdefine terms, mislabel & don't care  2) You make up facts
Mr @makramrabah, my participation in the UAE literary festival was pro-bono.  Why are you lying about $$? Why are you a Liar? Liar.
Mr @makramrabah, why does your inability to define terms makes you LIE about "Gulf money"? Can you show evidence of $$? Why are you lying?
BTW a meditation on Hlawka's inequality pic.twitter.com/gHNZBKwR4z
No. You are just afraid of upsetting your Pan-Arab friends.
Mr @makramrabah are you aware that random labels do not constitute an explanation of why you misdefine very elementary terms?
Mr Williamson, before I block you ( I block idiots when I have no use for them) pic.twitter.com/rTZr8uducl
Mr @makramrabah you are throwing more random labels to explain the misuse of a label.  Can you write down a simple expl., as in 6th grade?
Mr @makramrabah you are not explaining why one shd heed someone like you or @iyad_elbaghdadi soooo ignorant to  misdefine elementary terms.
So Mr @makramrabah if you mislabel something so elementary, why should anyone read your other crap?  Please explain.
Mr @makramrabah, racism is imparting skills to a race, not studying population migrations. Are all Syrian rebels as ignorant as you?
If you reject unfounded blame, you must also reject unjustified praise.
Yes! Divide by 100.
First take pic.twitter.com/jWrM7VbuIH
No it is recursive reasoning (he thinks that I thinks that he thinks...)
No the reasoning has structure. If I pick 1 or 2 he picks 3. If I pick 1 or 2 or 3 he picks 4... so the result is compounding 1/p.
I would pay 0.
Visibly if you decide on number AFTER he pays, it is no longer random.
Fat Tony vs Dr John pic.twitter.com/RA0leDi96L
Your remarks are so stupid you can only be a journalist.
Sophistry alert. He was not "funded" because he was rich.  He was equipped, though/.
Exactly. It is called a nonanticipating strategy: stopping condition is off period t not t+1. It would be snooping. (Ito vs Stratonovich)
Here it is a sum. So we get the same answer for sum.
Voila for EXACTLY 6 pic.twitter.com/dYkR0hAjs2
Voila pic.twitter.com/DmDnwja7pS
3 throws is the upper bound: 2, 2, 2 (for the dice with ONLY even outcomes).
If you limited to 24 you'd get the same answer
My take pic.twitter.com/Z3o48RcMvK
You are conditioning. So only outcomes that count are those with {2,4,6}. It is as if you had a reduce dice.
Probability Brain Teaser du Jour.  cc:@mikeandallie ,@LorenzoWVilla , @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/Uj3p2K2VvJ
Genes don't predict individuals, but populations. And conversely, populations predict genes, as I did. Gabish?
Renzo Tozi pic.twitter.com/StYLkV7KX0
Mistranslated? Shd it be: "Nothing human is foreign to me?"
Meaning here of    זִּקְנָה ?
When the beard is black, take the reasoning, ignore conclusions. When gray, take both reasoning & conclusions. When white, just conclusions.
Sunday morning tinkering around the polynomials. pic.twitter.com/8SQgZBNdCS
Where is this? Thanks.
Someone in population genetics wd detect the J2 haplogroup, the "Med" gene. I suspect the J2a subclade, coatal (Greco-Phoenician-Roman Army)
In both, "causes" cannot be determined by a collection of genes. Kapish?
Thanks to twitter, shorter...
No, but the tricks used to prove selfish gene are mean-field based.
Friends, added an Appendix to the minority rule. For comments. Is it easy to grasp? pic.twitter.com/J0fCc91wf5
Conflicts with genetics of Koura.
Unfortunately it was not by choice
Problem with counterfactuals...
Zillions of examples ... by professionals, particularly when it comes to wars. More TK. Something in historiography I discuss in The Black S
My friend Tom @holland_tom is rigorous. So is @peterfrankopan.  There are others.
6) You can do history but one needs to qualify conclusions & exclude some class of statements.
4) Historians have no clue about survivorship bias, so they mistake visible properties for properties.  5) Historians ignore asymmetries.
Blocked that idiot
Historians mistake an upper/lower bound for an absolute date. For instance "earliest settlement found" for earliest settlement"
Practically all data prior to the first war are suspicious.
Corrected... pic.twitter.com/oy6oLXW8eL
Thanks. Insult is withdrawn, life continues, debates will be from now on clearer.
All OK
Whatever insurance companies have determined is outside their long term profitability norms.
Even older. Hebrew, Akkadian.
Fi 3iyal mitl Nabbout bi Amioun (3aylté) manna nin el jidd. W fi 3iyal 3a ism el day3a (Trabulsi).Wfi 3iyal 3a ism el mehne (Najjar, Haddad)
Mr Yusko, I get very, very, very, angry when people distort what I am saying, as if someone stole from me. Gabish for now?
You are clearly an imbecile.
Mechanical skills matter less interpreted as Germans have no mechamical skills. In Fooled by Randomness: there is randomness -> itsallrandom
There were no family names per se, just patronym and clan.
Same text.
Casino, young man, needs to calibrate.
Expertise in roulette gambling requires much more probability than carpentry; Pop genetics require much more probability than biology!
I've had a Tesla for 3 weeks. I can no longer drive a reg car.
Management of /experiments with electricity via lightning came first!
In the absence of the @CutTheKnotMath brainteaser I managed to finish my book on time. But I prefer brainteasers.
@CutTheKnotMath We need the daily brainteaser.
Electric precedes ICE.
Zero
This is real squid ink, tonight. pic.twitter.com/8yfwikdxwj
Last thing we need to hear is French are Meds. They are Reverse-Meds. Only Meds in S. parts that spoke no French (Provencal, Nicois, etc.)
Those who believe clmate chnge is real Those who explain everything by CC Those for whom policies shdbe precautionary whether CC real or not
Is my tawk at Rutgers open to the public? If so is there a link I could retweet? thanks!
Steven W @stephen_wolfram helped make math something, while rigorous, exploratory, heuristic, entertaining, ADVENTUROUS, happy &... precise. pic.twitter.com/GZVq3A3xK9
How to reduce a multivariate function down to one variable by slicing! Another way to visualize the result. pic.twitter.com/2LNGaAi8e9
If you want I can put everything in Latex
I could not get it to fit mine! It is just for indication. And symmetric anyway.
1-Occupations in which one is more dependent on opinion of colleagues than end users or axiomatic base (math) end up rotting. (#SummarySITG)
1-Occupations in which one is more dependent on opinion of colleagues than end users degrades. ex: journalism, bureaucr, (#SummarySITG)
Zeus appreciated my sacrifices; is making my wish come true that MSM self-destructs. He invented @kurteichenwald to accelerate the process. pic.twitter.com/MGLTCW6ks9
This less formally bypasses Lagrange mult., with some cheating thanks to visual aid. pic.twitter.com/ZNZkT8M3nj
The whole point is that this is not "criticism". Strawman is NOT criticism.
Jay you're a smart guy. Learn to look at the inside of the story. Gabish?
I enjoy exposing BS pple.
Hahaha. Hadyou ever had an idea about anything that's not BS vending, in zillions of  articles we would have known about it.
+Got rich FROM politics +Helped crony capitalism +...
+Gave Wall Street the largest bonus pool in history in 2010 +Fought Skin in the Game rules +Fueled Identity Politics +Fed the IYI class
Which is why I am calling Ron Paul, "A Roman among Greeks". (a Pun on dedication of TBS to Benoit Mandelbrot:"A Greek among Romans") pic.twitter.com/qs6j8V1H0k
Buy 2 copies, in case one is stolen.
Best exposition is the first 3 chapters of Embrecht's book.
He discovered the Cramer conditions. Will post on it from book with @DrCirillo
Mr Fowlie, I block people flowing today's SJW values anachronistically, backward in time, when unnecessary. Gabish?
Or Julia Maesa,
"The Romans judged their political system by asking not whether it made sense but whether it worked."  The clear minded  @holland_tom
And we can see the concavity and the maximum pic.twitter.com/j8bYXbzs1i
How I cheated... pic.twitter.com/dCJJKoQYHB
I used Lagrange multipliers ( cheated). Will post .
Keep forgetting it is the LOWER bound I need !
Also Catal Ukuk, etc... Anatolia.
East Med!
Indeed (it is the lhs that is concave). But this should do it. pic.twitter.com/HdQDuV3mb9
Try olive oil soaps, rub very hard.
Don't fuhgedaboud Alexandria. And Tessaloniki. And Smyrna. And Aleppo. And Tangiers. And ...
BS vendor @JeffDSachs tweeting to me a narrative betw. Houston flood & Texas climate policy. Economists have a severe difficulty with rigor.
Rome's population went down >80% at some point, partly organically (starvation & disease).
Morrocan wine in lounge. Wrong sign. This works pic.twitter.com/p1HUXWnbNS
It is Levantine Semitic not Levantine "Arabic"  @oldlevantine
Maybe i am fooled, thinking that because I don't understand them they won't understand me!
Your last step is wrong. You need >= not <=1
Youtube
OK, OK, The North Lebanon dialect of the Lebanese language.
The only parts of it I understand are those in French.
Connecting in an airport lounge in Morocco. Only way I get privacy on phone is speaking in Lebanese dialect. Nobody seems to understand it.
Actually New York was for a long time abt the most disfunctional thing; I remember the 1970s 1980s, 1990s before Giuliani. Still unliveable.
Worth the walk, no? pic.twitter.com/VOO1Ykhu4G
Don't worry a bot is activated to block all of you.
Also "standard Maronite Arabic" is not Arabic, but Aramaized Phoenician
"Another Cypriot language" is obviously a Euphemism for Turkish.
Identical to noise vs signal
London is the case in point. Same with San Francisco. New York may be an outlier...
How about Babylon? How about Brussels?
Yes, point is that more efficient distribution favors organic.
We had the monopoly of the U S Post Office. Better have large corps compete for broader distribution.
People were not getting that the (alleged) food costs savings by GMOs (at huge risks) were DWARFED by more efficient food distribution.
you know IYIs never think in terms of background information: why did he say that. Blocked him.
Friday Semitic Philology. RE @lsarsour:  Sarsour means "pimp" in mod. Hebrew frm Aramaic סַרְסוּר (with a Samekh), Cricket with a Tsadeh. pic.twitter.com/wdguyqOlJr
Plus the utopianism to change human nature, as if we haven't tried and failed.
I go there often!
Imbecile.
We think alike on this @rorysutherland pic.twitter.com/e242tAeIva
I like to buy products made by egomaniac people. Or, at least people called arrogant. pic.twitter.com/c8W09vsfIK
What dat? Anyway names can't be trademarked
This is fake. Real nero di seppia leaves ink stains on the plate.
Some marketing/framing savvy pple figured out that the most effective way to build a fascist movement is to call it: antifascist.
OK, OK pic.twitter.com/wFy7KMq75o
In general mad >>> others, but full distribution even better.
A nitpicker might say that f needs to be in C^2. So there is a discrete version to the argument above.
Most of what I find has min of 10 mil, no room to revise portfolio.
Corrected! pic.twitter.com/B8QQ4zooih
I got mixed up with lhs and rhs. Will fix in 1 houron tex file.
This reminds me to try to buy into an ETH. Anything on the radar? Thanls!
Now if I called Monbiot an idiot, it is because of his promoting AlQaeda propaganda abt the Syrian war & fake stories abt Aleppo.
direct, almost
I did so, but went out of the way to prove the convex effect. pic.twitter.com/qhrxW2Ps44
My idea is to WORRY about our actions on climate out of PRECAUTION, not systematically attribute events to it. @yaneerbaryam
From Silent Risk: the Lucretius problem. People don't realize that systems deliver new maxima. pic.twitter.com/xtu5tLeNIp
Tail exponent for floods (shape parameter) has been 1-1.5 ( this is where Extreme Value Theory was born). pic.twitter.com/iqy3pQkbM5
Point is that, as w/floods in UK, you do not NEED climate change to explain these events; they are consistent with past statistics.
Point is that idiots like @GeorgeMonbiot are attributing Houston floods to Climate Change, rather than bad understanding of tail probability
Last time I went to Tre Scalini I was 19
Nero di seppia ( spaghetti con farro) pic.twitter.com/Hw5yOavHMY
Many Mandeans
نه
When people talk about 500 y floods or 100 year rain, they are klueless abt tail distribution. The empirical distribution is NOT empirical! pic.twitter.com/XdrLf1gfgN
I haven't tried under olive trees; will do and revert.
Is this complete? pic.twitter.com/P59D19J0n1
I made a mistake in the last line (x_1+x_n) >= (x_2 +...), correcting.
Maestro, do I need to expand much more? Not clear enough?
Likewise it is not a violation of freedom of expression if I don't let people show up to interrupt my risk lektchurs w/random discourse.
SILVER rule, again.
No, and it is not a violation of the First Am. if I block people like you who tweet stupid things to me; private workspace != public.
DONE!
Freedom of Expression is a central UNCONDITIONAL symmetry:  You are allowed speech if I am allowed speech pic.twitter.com/iWeGP21DcO
Main MARKER for group to be fascist-shmascist-smthng_ist regardless of what they call themselves left/right/diagonal:  Public Expression
Can expand, but this works for now. pic.twitter.com/MfAUlGl2No
The very idea of freedom of expression is to allow someone to tell others things they do not like to hear.
In other words, see the surviving population after n generations, here 21 & compare to common processes.
Trying to dabble w/population genetics under fat tails! So far, some intuitions.  Some work for us, @DrCirillo   cc: @PZalloua pic.twitter.com/zXsGCmow6O
I love Things Mongolian!
Bingo! One of them!
E bella la lingua italiana:  "Chi troppo in alto sal cade sovente precipitevolissimevolmente"
Letting someone w a razor is a sign of trust.
Kalabrez' lesson  facima a barba curazol' pic.twitter.com/73G2rDaIZ6
He simply finds things with v low downside, hence convex.
The investor gets the lhs, which is key.
p_i is price company i, e_i is earnings, \omega_i is percentage of the market capitalization
The beauty of math: about everything in life can be reduced to a mathematical inequality.
"...nec alte cadere nec graviter potest" Publilius
If you want to punish an enemy, help put him on a pedestal. He will hurt himself falling from it.
Not me! pic.twitter.com/0v0vDWNcWF
Of course. Stay rich if you get rich. Absorbing barriers can be favorable.
So the douche switches from using "terms YOU don't understand" to "terms YOUR FOLLOWERS don't understand"...
Moi aussi
More formally, they are only the same under identical conditions for both cross-sectional and temporal structures (stationarity)
Problem is the frequent confusion of 1 in 500 years in probabilty and a periodic function. See my paper w Goldstein.
Yes
Xamer you made me change Nicky to Theodorus Ibn Warqa. Satisfied?
I can't find it in my sample.
Not quite... It is a combination (which includes religion). But even spoken languages have been dowgraded to dialects...
I will get a precise genetic distance but I can't get a clean  breakdown of N. Iraqis
Taken, ironically, suspected to be the Philistines.
We use Hellenistic for post-Alexander, Byzantine later. Much More Greek work came out of Asia Minor/Levant than what is now called Greece
Thales was Phoenician. Same with Zeno. Lucian. Publilius. All later heads of the Academy. Chrisostomos.  Almost all early church founders.
Aramaeans spoke Semitic. Do you know why?
Plenty other Meds. Plenty.
Bingo; once you hit an uncle point you miss future returns
principle
He is OK.  What he did is largely robust. Problem is with Thaler, 2nd gen, the policymakers
But how close do you feel to Yemenis and Southern Iraqis?
From which paper?
There is NO Ethnic "Indo-Eur" but Syriacs *correlate* genetically to those who speak I-E lang, s.a. Iranians, Armenian, Kurds, etc.
I don't think. "Decreasing marginal utility" is one of those shaky things.  Ruin is real (Absorbing barrier).
Now Mr Mackenzie, I can block you as I have no more use for a corporate BS vendor arguing abt scientific concepts he knows nothing abt.
I don't like BS vendors.
Joe Nocera, @NoceraBV whom I keep debunking as a fraud, takes the cowardly approach to contact oth pple I debunk & post. Block him?
Mr Mackenzie, the OED is not a place for mathematical definitions.  Have you done any scholarship since your 1982 "doctorate"? Keep digging.
The fellow broadcasts that "X uses term he doesn't understand". Clearly the only answer is to reverse the claim on the fellow.
BTW this is MY own definition of what it is about.
This imbecile is digging deeper, using a ...1928 def. Mr Ma cKenzie go back to doing what you do and let other people on twitter work. pic.twitter.com/X3UuAJHcfv
Ergodicity in stats has a different meaning
Had you known anything abt statistics you would have known that the term is ALSO used to decribe a class of processes/proba.
The sign of a failed academic is referring to his "thesis" as contribution. Perhaps @ole_b_peters can answer you what is meant by ergodicity
Yes and King David was "perhaps redhead" "Adomit"but this is relative... hard since Greeks had few words for color
Have you seen my differential entropy distance on Both?
What do you do?
There are also serious flaws in Barberis asnhe ignores fat tails.
How about future risks? See the beginning of chapter.
"Replicated?"
Corrected mistakes.  (Cutting through the BS in social science) pic.twitter.com/1FZF8TxqCM
LOCALISM "At Fed level, libertarian; state, Republican; local, Democrat; family/friends, socialist." @geoffreydgraham citing broth. Vincent.
 pic.twitter.com/G9rSjCaG66
OK OK La Grotta pic.twitter.com/2aFM44a2dW
I hung around with him a few times.
Not much. Actually, not at all much. Actually, I loathe the man.
The map gained in entropy over 2500 y. There was little in between
Try again.
Which "diversification"?
Atlanta coffee conversation w/ @geoffreydgraham @justinno @WhiteSwanof87 @su_js1 (a lot of coffee). pic.twitter.com/oLB5ayZFOR
Different angles pic.twitter.com/e0lI8TWzXc
Rephrase her question to "how many Greco-Roman classics were written by nonWhites" to"How many were written by blonds & nonMeds".About zero.
Sorry, my resolution was not good. It turns out it isn't ragged pic.twitter.com/pemiuoQxAh
3D pic.twitter.com/mgpUq6STwL
konfirmed
Wonder how it looks like in 3D pic.twitter.com/uIgx2PBkB9
Of course, 11 AM? Tell me where.
Stochasticity of the minority rule.
Fooled by Randomness discusses ... ergodicity! pic.twitter.com/MyYkCYRINC
2) People don't get is that you don't assess a car by *speed*  but *change* in speed.  (Second order effect, convexity = antifragile)
I did a double dose this morning...
Thanks sorry I can't (family) but may be able to do coffee if I don't leave Friday.
Your pics of Moroccans are all Mauretanians. Perhaps someone made a linguistic slip.
Vinings
Atlanta. Any recommendations? Squid ink, etc.
If you want people to pay close attention to your posts, block them on Twitter.
Fr: un clou en chasse un autre.
Some people are so foolish that they only get answers right when they misunderstand the question.
As far as I am concerned, apologies are just empty tawk. I wd ask for something like $10 million & wd give it to my favorite chariry.
He presents me as coordinating with a mass murderer; hence this "apologize" which explicitly imputes action on my part.
Mr Linehan has 700k followers and this does not help in libel situations.
Thanks a million!
Effectively Mr Linehan is making a salient associative link between me and a mass murderer, very libellous both here & UK.
Thanks! Will process with @DrCirillo
The bon pensant Cambridge dons... pic.twitter.com/NLnWyAbipV
There are zillion of papers with "ergodicity". But no formulation of above point. Think LTCM!
There is evidence Samuelson got confused. But the self-financing strategy and NFL got it. But not for fat tails.
The central chapter of Skin in the Game: explaining ergodicity @ole_b_peters  Is it easy to get? pic.twitter.com/g6dVDSRILG
Legit question. I get paid ZERO. I pay ZERO.
f*** off
I think we have enough to indict Charles Lister for war crimes, no?
Now that the tweet has run its course, Mr Linehan is using the old trick to distract from his original libellous message w/focus on Mr Day.
Ariel, I support you in what you are doing and would bat for you in such a mission. But one needs consistency.
"UK law much tougher on speakers (no 1st Amendment". Here too, for things that don't fall under 1s Am.
I spoke to... a lawyer. Sorry, but he DID suggest.
For years I have refused to f. spell expletives in my book, e.g. "f*** you money", etc. From now on, for consistency, will do so on Twitter.
You are NOT pointing out, you are confusing pple with an association that DOES not exist & positions I DO NOT have. It is libellous.
Fucking faudster, if you play that game of association with me I can make you spend the rest of your life in COURT.
I support @PamelaGeller w/her censorship by PayPal.  But she is v. IGNORANT: unlike Salafis, Shiites don't Christians/Jews as "infidels".
No.
That was after the censorhip.
PHILOLOGY DU JOUR: Arabic name for Med was "Baḣr er-Rum", Roman(Byzantine) sea. Like Persian (->"Arabian") Gulf, censored from textbooks.
And there exist solutions for specific probability dist but doesn't look like there is something general. Good proba quiz.
No, nothing. But there is a structured way to get if higher  or lower from <p a> and the variance.
Hey imbecile, you doctored up the colors! pic.twitter.com/Q2k1f4Fe3B
There is. Second rerm is variance, third has covariance in it.
Ha. Try my profile pic and compare.
Accent is v. Iranian.
ندائك ؟
ghobeiri is about as Lebanese as it can get,
Yeslamu ideyk
Yaḣuqqu lilṡaxer...
nidaka not nadaka?
So Irba is Irban?
Done!
Had no idea, but will give you precedence!
Is there a Ashura expert in the room? I wonder if my diacritical are right for the poem about skin in the game. Thanks! pic.twitter.com/8uXC3gnhJ4
She was a Phoenician princess, no?
Actually, no. You need the cov(X,Y). And use \omega_i as probabilities!
Typo! pic.twitter.com/718kTSNTTg
Typo
LESSON  Looking like a "victim" will enbolden your enemies & make your cowardly friends look the other way.  Wusses are never good to losers
Point is that nobody realizes that PE ratio of market has been miscomputed ever since I can remember?
No. Truth said nonagressively is ignored. Gabish?
Quiz du jour a la   @CutTheKnotMath @LorenzoWVilla pic.twitter.com/eSYgojapcs
Incidentally, classical Arabic has a word,  Wiq7, for  both rude and right.
I don't understand English Middle Class English.  What does "You are rude" mean?
Look in thread for dropbox file
Can you try other things on medium by me?
Where are you? Link works in US
Mary Beard retweets n accusations of "misogyny" & articles in press & claims she never accused me of "misogyny" Historians shdn't Fabricate!
This should refresh your memory. For a "historian", you keep being caught with misrepresentations. pic.twitter.com/Wv4SlVoYoV
Maltese speak a language close to Arabic. Nobody ever called them "Arabs".
This morning, at page ~ 45 of his book.
Linguistics help. We speak an adapted older Semitic language.
The Greeks are also close to Persians
Lesson I leared from UK thoughtnazis. Appease/correct them w/"I am not saying..."; they destroy you Be aggressive, disrespect: they freakout
This is not squid ink pasta. The noodles are colored. It is the sauce that need to have squid ink.
MOuntain barrier + coastal exposure.
Why is "paganism" worse than monotheism?
Zalloua my coauthor is part of Nat Geo project. The person who wrote the report is NOT a geneticist. BS.
That is the BS study
The patch in Northern Syria is gone.  Because Obama.  MSM are despicable. pic.twitter.com/ZdXdzpQHm9
Happy Birthday Ron Paul @RonPaul
Donald Trump's @realDonaldTrump irreversible mistake: betrayal.  You can recover from many mistakes. Betrayal you can only do once.
Trying to explain what people don't get about decentralization, why I loved Brexit! pic.twitter.com/QR87nNHHex
In Aramaic katan does not mean "small size" but puny man.   Shd be "When a puny man kills a hero".  Traduttore, traditore! pic.twitter.com/yacJ0aU8cS
In my childhood, the motto was "except for Maronites" as they resited the narrative.
Then here mistranslated should be "when a puny man kills a hero" pic.twitter.com/2gPFBzxVwa
Although  "gadol" seems more Hebrew, Ar. wd be "gabra", no?
Skin in the Game is not literal, Bava Kama 84a   3ayn ta7ata 3ayn  (incidentally, in Aramaic) pic.twitter.com/INkXFj60jT
Both!
I block idiots.
Klueless Massimo doesn't even know what SCIENTISM is. By masturbating w/other philosophers one can't understand anything in the real world.
My motto has always been:   Debate the audience, not the person.  Don't even try to convince someone that he or she is wrong.
One shall not use science outside the strict domains it itself defines. pic.twitter.com/4RrD9t9vQJ
"In investments, better to sell out one year too early than one day too late." My friend and banker Joe Audi
Doesn't work in sloping terrain!
Part 1 Chapter 26. He uses "wa7sh" in first sentence, which means "beast". I am sure translator altered.
20%
"Arab" means... not "Arab"?
Can someone explain to me why Ibn Khaldoun is not banned in Arabian countries? pic.twitter.com/LI5aSQQTXX
Yeah yeah yeah. Science tawks BS walks.
Have you driven one, Mr Ferreira?
First week of @TeslaMotors.  Great to have a gas station at home.  MAIN DRAWBACK: no squeegee of windshield when you refill ! pic.twitter.com/JjpE9udB2Z
I hate what I just did, but brute force works wonders! pic.twitter.com/jLzaa2leUo
Never said Lebanese are "Semitic". Semitic is a language, not a genetic thing.  Most pple like you blinded by (bogus) racial theories are...
Which is why Christians in diaspora identify as white, others rarely so.
No, idiots. They did not have gene flow in the Bronze age. Your Aryan theories are just plain bullshit.
This is autosomal DNA not just haplogroups. Gabish?
what "nonwhite"?
Fucking idiot, point is Phoenicians were genetically close to Greeks. Are all other "White" Supremacists as stupid as you ?
It didn't hit you to ask the more obvious question: Why did the Levant speak a Semitic one?
I am also proving that you're an idiot. Think again before posting.
You know you are engaging in bullshit, no?
Nice statement; but please show me any trace of nonGreen in the South Med outside Egypt, please.
Of course there are other options, s.a. Burkean "small c", etc. But that's not what I am trying to figure out.
J'en ai bu un avec lui a Saint Paul de Vence il y quelques années.
I never never look at proofs of others...
Si
MSM lies, smear Bannon. Bannon was against warmongers! In Syria, Afghanistan, etc. I vouch! He hates INTERVENTIONISTAS w/o #Skininthegame pic.twitter.com/ezlmu9dsqC
Typically J1, especially J1e haplogroup. Leb is mostly J2a. Some J2b.
Subsidiarity, of course.
Genetically less than 3%, Culturally ... for Christians 0%
Mediterraneanism pic.twitter.com/1SQaFR4KDc
Will this exposition help? pic.twitter.com/xkBLO660dC
Which group best represent your political "orientation"?
Doyouwantoreadit?
Did it hit you that it's not what I mean? Do some "scientific" thinking before tweeting misinterpretations.
Was asked if am "right" or "left" +No power over citizens, neither Gov nor Corps +Local >Global (Federalism) +particular >Universal +1st Am.
An illustration of the BIAS-VARIANCE tradeoff or why in some situations being "wrong" is better than being imprecise. (Superstitions) pic.twitter.com/GCSoTGcBg3
You detect Monsanto shills such as Folta (aside frm recent proof of payments):  they supports BOTH GMOs & Glyphosate  What connects the 2?
Even inconsitency (s.a. nontransitivity) has an explanation.
The big question: we know the end proof works because of symmetry, but can rearrangement apply? pic.twitter.com/YZw248FtXz
Imbecile
Bingo!  But there is irrationality if it leads to extinction.
There is nothing IRRATIONAL per se in "believing" in SANTA CLAUS @rorysutherland pic.twitter.com/MJyyRZlzAd
Why "rationality" as described by unrigorous BS vendors is not compatible with axioms of rationality. No rationality without  #Skininthegame pic.twitter.com/KwD3IpnqFN
OK, OK, it was more than one line. Thanks! pic.twitter.com/9Z77yycwa6
The  coward wrote an insulting ad hominem tweet, then deleted it, then went to play virtue signaling.
Fucking liar you deleted you tweet.
You are a finance professor, the profession of total rejects, so avoid ad hominems, take your meds, and don't play outside your little hole.
Thanks! There is another step then via Holder's.
Mr Bianchi @WhitesPhD, no ad hominem for "Finance professors" is for bullshitters who 1) can't "do"& trade, 2) can't be scientists. Gabish?
Notice that it was not terrorists but a van attacking people in #Barcelona. pic.twitter.com/L4VZC56BJY
Salute to @GadSaad for having the highest of virtues: frankness & intellectual courage. Let's support him in his fight for freedom of speech
That's the idea. Looked at Akkadian, Ugaritic, Hebrew, Aramaic, Syriac, Arabic. Hard to disentangle because cross-terms.
Yes but you can have the ar3a shift happen in Aramaic not Levantine. If Levantine comes from more Western and earlier roots.  Gabish?
Living with an oversensitive BS detector pic.twitter.com/EwrehX7oLS
George, you live longer when you block idiots.
I agree that pronounciation of Levantine words in Mid-LEvant (not North) resembles that of Arabic.But listen to Yemeni Jews speaking Hebrew.
I surprisingly agree. But it is helpful to see origins and transformations. Grammar is not Arabic.
 pic.twitter.com/r87IABRssp
This is from my book/lecture notes. See graph when you use L-2 Norm, etc. pic.twitter.com/PEgRvG7QeR
Indeed, arbitrary distance in [0,1] depends on norm;  Log is more concave, hence overweighs proximity. Graphs this PM.
Asinus asinum fricat =  الطنجرة لاقت غطاها
Yes, noticed too late.
K-L betw 2 populations = e.g. how much it "costs" to turn a Mycenian into a Cypriot or Levantine. So these distances are closer.
Alas, linguistics doesn't offer robust analyses: cross-influences are fuzzy.  Expanded Swadesh shows far from Aram. but further is Arabic
In other words, it increases distances when they are small, and decrease the larger ones...
Something about PCA analyses: they preserve order but may not scale distances properly, compared to differential entropy. @iosif_lazaridis pic.twitter.com/HYFVz4zI6L
I can't believe campaigning against free speech and calling it anti-fascist.
Typo pic.twitter.com/kXm1gLhrOS
Actually being poor is a huge protection.
Prego, tratti con me. Non posso prima di pubblicare il prossimo libro (Skin in the Game) in febbraio
Hi Dorothy.  I actually use the title "Dr" when 1) I try to get an appoitnment with the dentist, 2) I book a table in restaurant in Zurich.
Higher :)
I just had one minor disagreement: distance.  I have read one more of his than he has of mine.
Thanks. This is a thoughtful response. But I disagree: distance betw. Meds is smaller than betw. Meds and "pinks" (butter pple). More, later pic.twitter.com/NPJnQQrdUZ
Bullshitting.
Mr Whitmarsh; ignore these 2, assuming Wiki is bunk & "modern" etch are not as smart as your imagination of skin color. How about the rest?
A convincing illustration of what happens when you put nerds (IYIs) in charge of regulation. pic.twitter.com/4xu1eZfpXo
Now what if one of the \beta_i \rightarrow \infty? Am I missing something?
David, I thought we settled.
No constraint on \beta_i?
Thanks! show them the IYI article so they know what they are into.
Of course!
French
New ones are better.
So the British IYI pseudodiversity police were instantly turned into a Monsanto smear campaigning agent Union of 2 idiots is much more idiot
British IYI class is after me. Monsanto shills (@kevinFolta) join the smear campaign (since 2015, 2300 emails to NYU). Impotent #Antifragile pic.twitter.com/RMZ7oVd2pl
I have a question. Does this mean (ANATOLIA => Agean) (high %) & (ANATOLIA => Levant) but NOT much (Agean <=>Levant) correct? ευχαριστώ πολύ
The exquisite precision & instant response (for both acceleration and deceleration) of the EV makes the non-electric car feel like a boat.
This is an automatic post when you "edit".
First day driving a @TeslaMotors. Something else!  I hope I will never ever have to drive a nonelectric car.
Twitter deletes such targeted accounts when you report them.
David you are dealing with a nutjob. I met Mandelbrot a few years before his death and cowrote a paper.
Thanks a million! Honored to have the author of the paper help.
Depends which Levantines, no?
Teaser: if you mix n Hapl. X in a population of size m, w/ repr proba p what's the probab. after k generation of if showing in <1% samples?
I thought you knew it.
Definitely Levantine. Dar is Syriac.
Inta nebilse?
Aha! Levantine. "Filbayt" is usually not.
How do you say "i am at home"?
I am very confused w/ Palestinians. Galilee speaks Levantine Gaza not. The rest don't know the border.
I am confused w/ Palestinians. Gaza is the only accent I know that is jnot Levantine, Galilee for sure Lec. The rest is confusing.
No We agree. Size.
It may be actually pro vaccines
Safita is J2
You assume away the curse of dimensionality.
Fat tails come from winner take all effects from status
Fat tailed: founder effects
Perfect! ABSENCE of haplogroup DOES NOT indicate absence of ancestry, but presence does!
I agree. Not using history, just distances. Using cross-entropy.
Magnus (if I may), is this not a robust heuristic for genetic distance? Using Mit proportions? pic.twitter.com/QNBY91nbSD
It is basic statistics that it's a robust heuristic, not for general claims. But you make fewer mistakes using 2 gen distances on haplogr.
Leave him alone I pick up my @TeslaMotors this morning!
From the recent papers abt modern Greeks ~Mycenians, Minoans: G and J2 (even J1) haplogroups. pic.twitter.com/vMOz281dPe
No, idiot. He is debunking bad scholarship.
My father (Ruffié and Taleb, 1964) figured out a similar map from blood type distribution & diseases.
When?
Jordan My data has no ethnicities (Tribal North Arabian, West Bank Palestinian, Circasn, etc.) But again, J1e, 10 times more than Lebanon. pic.twitter.com/aTme3UNIsS
Syria as whole v. different from Leb, owing to high presence of J1e (Peninsula genes) from Arab conquest/trade. No granularity on West. Syr pic.twitter.com/difEdbiGVa
Zalloua found subclades similar to Phoenicians, apparent common Anatolian origin.
On plane back to NY tried to play with a messier probabilistic structure in genetics.  @PZalloua pic.twitter.com/qD14r5Uu4I
That was the way they managed to get Christians in that crap called Arab League.
Mr Davis did you do much thinking before tweeting?
The GMO deception was over the day AMZN bought Whole Foods. AMZN is one order of magnitude bigger than Monsanto, typ. tactics won't work.
If you are trying to figure out diet, genetics,  and lifestyle, uncon LE is not the right measure.
Came later from mixing. Peninsula Arabs & Yemenis have v. little J2, so we can project backwards.
Not really. J1 vs J2
Not quite. Many others from Macedonia/ the Caucasus.
Was was then the "Middle East" included Asia Minor, Greek.
Franck you are arguing with someone I've blocked.
Sharif is Greek Orthodox Lebanese born Demetrius Shalhoub
Not all historians!
Find the fragile
It also tells us Severus was not black... as she hinted he might be.
Tom Holland is a friend so I can disagree with some immunity. The issue was BBC said Typical & MB confirmed perhaps indirectly.
No... The theory doesn't work: J2 found in Meds & Phoenicians (and a large number of Jews) is also shared w "Indo Europeans".
BTW what Romans used to call "Arabs" were Nabateans, Northern Arabians, close to Jordanians & Hawranis
Backed by data, cher ami.
No, imbecile., Tom is discussing ABSENCE of primary data.
Actually, the ruling class had none.
Romans looked like other Meds at Ancient times: It was the Celts who were ethnic. @holland_tom citing Petronius. pic.twitter.com/aFgXunJ94D
Ran into 2 Amioun-born New Yorkers Trump supporters at a party in Amioun. "If Amioun voted in the US elections, Trump would get 99%"  #MAGA pic.twitter.com/gTCiNKvavf
Kalman filter is one-pin.
Exactly what pissed me off. The insidious racism of Mary Beard. Punics are now "other". pic.twitter.com/xMcFRlDB2N
Which proves to me that unless one can read these texts in the original, with the bullshit translations, one is reading nothing.
Syria most probably comes from the Phoenician name for Anti-Lebanon. So, yes the name "Syria" correponds to 3 geographical areas in history. pic.twitter.com/ZTk3SzPI1s
And "Hermon" is also Anti-Lebanon
Also in Bible "Aram" is mentioned by which translations say Syria. But "Syria" doesn't map to "Aram" & Syrion is ambiguous!
Terms "Syria", Blad eSham, & Syrion != Greek: Syria coela (Bekaa)+Antioch Syrion in Bible is AntiLebanon (Syrion ve Lvanon) Libanensis pbm
Historically "Syria" never included E Syria. To the contrary, it stayed a battle line for 1000 y until Yarmuk. Jordan is a river. Kapish?
He has a permanent invitation.
There are clear geographic markers both linguistic (and genetic). Jordan is not part of it, same w Eastern "Syria". "Jordan" is an invention
No hotels in Amioun.
How to look at history using probabilistic reasoning: Pinned Brownian Bridges. Conditional on present and past, what can midpoints be? pic.twitter.com/NlGZYpEKps
So are the Kohanims, BTW. But today's pop <3%
The problem is not just financial dependence. Wusses fear losing friends & not being invited to the parties if they defy the thoughtpolice.
Amioun for the weekend, 1900 years. pic.twitter.com/aZEJzELsfC
Something about the curse of dimensionality. TK
Saying 2 vs 10^6 is not accurate: if we compare total populations, with relative incidence, it is no longer reduced to 2 vs 10^6
It was also for me a way to show the UK establishment they can't play with independent people like me without eventually getting burned.
Nothing to do with anything other than being "disrespectful" of some icons.  Glad JK Rowling and Monica Lewinski helped settle issue.
More precise: Nubians somewhere there. pic.twitter.com/VMc7tNmAfM
Don't tell me my friend Tom Holland is falling into the Insidious Racism of the UK establishment! pic.twitter.com/rJJyaHkbdx
Precautionary approach to climate. pic.twitter.com/FxW7wAE1u4
Faced that junk in the Air France lounge, JFK. Manager who spoke w/thick Marseilles accent promised to replace w/documentaries on animals. pic.twitter.com/pEB9YnEjgS
Exactly ,my point. If you do frequency on lit texts you get crazy results. Why I stick to conversational language. (from Amioun)
You can't rely on lit texts as Urdu becomes largely Arabic. ONly basic language.
Promoting GMOs?
I prefer to use nonrecombining for robustness reasons. But I understand.
I did genetic distances on both Y and Mitcondrial Haplogroups (diff entropy)... Story does not change much. This is pedagogical...
W Syria same as Leb
This is more granularity about Lebanese (all religions) and Armenians pic.twitter.com/aqfwoF0YrI
Not functionally, up to the 3 body pbm
This works for groups: more stable. For individuals, no.
This only means that Southerners / Meds don't like large corporations.
So we can start the great East Med Peace Project by convincing Turks Cypriots, Greeks (etc.) they are 1st cousins.
Fat Tony is J2b.  So my prediction: Mafia dons are predominantly J2. We can try to test it.
This map confirms my grandmother's heurisitc: if people eat the same they look the same... and have similar genetic makeup
Actually lines up to placenames. Canaanite placenames are J2
And note that the Arab J1e (invaders) subclade is practically non existent in Leb, high in Palestine.
Also note that Sunnis have about as much J2 as the rest.
This chart will cause a shock to Lebanese national identity. And perhaps Turkish. Note that Southern Italy is also blue (Magna Grecia) pic.twitter.com/J9fsWp8f8E
Strangely I read it but can only understand it if a Yemeni is speaking. The 7 , 3ayn  sounds
I am using s with a dot ... look at the top. Thx. U good in HBr?
What SJW don't get is the implied racism of "white" & "colored": if you mix white & colored you get colored.  That implies purity not race.
Same with Assyrians. They were not "Semites", but like Phoenicians DNA close to Iranians/Anatolians. So could be Babylonian moving West.
The big mystery is why Phoenicians were closer to Indo Europeans w/ a Semitic language? Probably invaded. Languages have minority rules.
A lot of this Greenberg nonsense. Languages have random mutations at a rate of 10^7 times that of genes. And cross-fert is not there.
We have evidence of tons of words used in religious Arabic that come from Aramaic, rarely the reverse. Some religious pple got upset.
Merci.
Linguists use same models but geneticists don't take them seriously.
I found linguists behind the curve once I started doing genetics. Genes are clear abt descendance. Never languages. And they mutate fast.
BTW I got your book here and was about to comment on the potency "aid".
Southern Italy is J2. Italy is 2 countries.
Exactly what I am saying. But if French and Italian have 1 common ancestor we don't say French is derived from Italian.
Never made that claim. Claimed that derived of older sources than Arabic, things we have in common.  Look at my chart.
Grammar for sure  not, only strong link I see is broken plurals, though it is low in statistical frequency.
Does @graeber confirm?
Harris doesn't know what rationality means. And he is strawmannish. I would only defend him as I would Tom Friedman or some such person.
I was told that traditionally royals shd never say "thank you", "please", "sorry", etc. because you don't say it to subjects. True? Refs?
Thanks Jason. The 90% is words used in ordinary life, expanded Swadesh.
Turned out in England politeness is something for the middle class. Aristocrats are exempt. Any literature on that?
Thanks Mohammed but his analysis turned out to be statistically wrong.
Again, did YOU ever publish anything?
Mr Sharro, you are indeed ...  The format is from books in Semitic linguistics. You perhaps should go advise them.
Are you an "expert" in anything to call pple "amateurish"? Did you ever publish to professionals?
For if you go into more complicated terms Turkish Iranian and Urdu become predom Arabic when they are not.
Mr Sharro the structure of Semitic languages is 3 cons. I offer that you delete your tweets and nothing hapnd. OK
Mr Sharro, keep going. BTW standaed is 100 words. After that we can compare to use of Ar in Turkish.
They are used 90% of the time. Stay with your first statement and find the embrssng mistakes. I can teach you statistics later.
How many olive trees away from the Med coast?
Also Mr Sharro had you published any scholarly work, you wdv realizd that nitpickers are of invaluable help in improving the final product
I am very direct.  I asked the doctor; he said can't do anything about it. So you need to live with it.
Explain which mistakes (if you can) instead of throwing words. They can be corrected what matters is the statistical total. Tangible
Assemani saw to his mother in Hasroun, after most of his life in Rome & forgetting dialect. He tried Arabic, no. He tried Syriac, worked.
So Mr Sharro if you have a question about my statements, you can ask me directly. As you can see I always answer.
Sharro, you should not bullshit overtly. How many Lebs would understand Arabic if they didn't know it? See Assemani's story,  @Extrachelle
The point is not Pinker but epistemology of history seen as time series @DrCirillo
Same of course.
OK, OK, I will say it publicly.  I viscerally don't like S. Pinker, but I will take every RISK to help him fight insidious censorship.
"Showed" that categorizing binarizing pple in "idiots" (those who make your statement) and "nonidiots" enrich understanding?
Where is the real "left"? Those who wd say: "I detest what you write, bt I wd give my life to make it possible for you to continue to write"
Apuglia is mostly Greek. From Magna Grecia, but Alfarano is Arabic from "The Baker"
Then say "Aryan".
OK Ok Damore is a hero. He knowingly took risk.
No and smear campaigns are defamatory, with legal fees Monsanto can't pay anymore.
This entire idea of bicolorism categorization destroys the notion that humans are humans, and once you classify you destroy something.
Which is why the word "white" shd never be used for race as it means nothing. The only "white" pple may be albino.s.
This guy @adammerberg has been helping Monsanto trolls attacking our work on the prec. pple by lying about the mathematical "mistakes".
So Italy shd be divided in two races, the "whites" and the "xxxx" (actually there is a word in Italian)? For Rome it depends on the suburb?
If you did ethnicities in Roman England, I think most Mediterranean Romans would be considered "Ethnic" by today's metric.
I got 2 citations from Damore today: Individual variations vs categories. The Universal destroys the particular pic.twitter.com/UQCN44xzAx
We @normonics tried to be careful but there is evidence of BAD FAITH. pic.twitter.com/UxlXCnU0Y5
I copied from him. Am giving him credit.
Your math, Adam Merberg, needs a  bit of work. Did it get clearer since? pic.twitter.com/m3cdDwk6L0
The only way to prevent institutions from rotting is by automatic dissolution, to have the same life expectancy as free-market companies.
I wrote an entire book on Mathematics of History since EVERY path is a historical "Brownian Bridge" from Fooled by Randomness pic.twitter.com/1H8oI5mV21
Google his Canaanite discovery in the news last week
Read his papers. I collaborate with him
What you see overtly you can do something about.
Data with zalloua pic.twitter.com/LekbV9mi6V
Insidious racism is vastly worse thatn outright racism.
Academia/journos are nice housebroken submissive dogs. By collectivelly going against me they didn't realize they need to fight a wolf.
8) I did not read the article in full, just random glances, each time I find a mistake.
7) Klueless Massimo @mpigliucci (how can one make so many mistakes in a single article? Doesn't know abt TIME SERIES ? pic.twitter.com/dH5kdXqbcl
Sonia Klueless Massimo said "history runs once..." w/BS but there is a branch of stats called TIME SERIES ANALYSIS (mine). Is he so...
(I exchanged comments with him on twitter.)
precisely.
Did not read @NickCohen4's blog based on heuristic:  Never read anything by someone abt you if you would never read him abt anything else.
Why don't you consult, or better,m ask Zalloua instead of uttering bullshit from journalists? @PZalloua
6) Klueless Massimo @mpigliucci, department of bullshit. He talks about STATISTICS by referring to STAT 101. pic.twitter.com/IMIq4BlzV0
Lebanon (mito line) pic.twitter.com/AV63uItPKS
Pas vraiment, la distance euclienne est ordinalement la meme mais sa linearite confond. pic.twitter.com/TiMWKN5X5I
It maps to "how many questions you need to ask pour faire un Egyptien a partir d'un tunisien"
Distance is too large, enough to justify the theory that Punics were a minority there @PZalloua and gave language.
Here is a more technical way to view the "otherness" in terms of distance, differential entropy. pic.twitter.com/vv9A0WXMwJ
I babble in most Mediterranean languages except Turkish (can read not speak)
My point is that DNA is a majority rule (with some mild exceptions as founder effects) and lang a minority rule.
You are then in the above graph, which overlaps all of these.
I am sure @kateantiquity and @caitlinrgreen would agree with my message that ethnicities shd not be binarized/lumped as "other". pic.twitter.com/CmgE5n5CU0
Se non è nel DNA, devi spiegare dove è andata
This is not per se a prob dist but a distribution of traits.
Allora dove sono i loro geni? Abbiamo altri geni di soldati in Gran Bretagna
To actually understand what Mary Beard and the UK PolNazis  are getting wrong. (h/t Google hero) pic.twitter.com/cUqyZsNNb2
No genes !
Imbecile, I am writing now in the Phoenician alphabet.
How many lebanese can write a letter in arabic? 20%. And show me the Arab genes.
Pple are surprised that Turkey speaks Turkish w/little Turkic genes, Lebanon has no Arab genes, not that India speaks English w/o Engl genes
Hope you fixed the small slips.
J2 J1 clades...
The only computer assistance I used is for the graph and the intuition. pic.twitter.com/JrCSo0KeCa
Greece
Get your Y haplogroup, 2 male relative of 2 grandmothers and maternal grandfather or male relative, and you are done.
Funny yes, I have "genes in the game" w/BBC fight! Both my paternal & maternal genes are1-3% in UK,prob came w/Romans from Macdonia/Albania pic.twitter.com/WbSIDm4XWu
Some people like integrals better than algebra. Engineers and physicists, for instance.
No, on this case Nuclear is very very dangerous but thin tails non multiplicative and not under PP
Exactly !
Is this too short? If not, I send Tex pic.twitter.com/Hzm84w5mB4
5) Massimo Pigliucci, @mpigliucci, department of bullshit. Unlike Pigliucci, @DrCirillo and I ACTUALLY worked with historical data. pic.twitter.com/i43OGxIAmp
4) Massimo Pigliucci, @mpigliucci, department of bullshit. pic.twitter.com/dKjMNsy1Qw
3) Massimo Pigliucci, @mpigliucci, department of bullshit. [About every sentence is strawman). For a philosopher, depressing pic.twitter.com/rENl0qsqQS
2) Massimo Pigliucci, @mpigliucci, department of bullshit. pic.twitter.com/LX5kyZFyrt
1) Massimo Pigliucci, @mpigliucci, department of bullshit. pic.twitter.com/dkEhwbgmnG
Not what I mean. I meant klassical, ancient.
Something torturing me.  I receive a Tesla this week & something abt state subsidies troubles my conscience as a localist-libertarian.
Actually, I can guesstimate  from the decline in rate of blocking by bot of UK SWJ trolls and journos over past 12h that it has to be <1%.
Corrected in main version!
There is feminist and there is SJW as a subset!
Mr Flood, please teach us about it. And since you're there, teach us also about probability. Thank you.
Empirically
I actually followed @mikeduncan on twitter until I listened in podcast to a subject I know well, Seneca, & saw he was a bullshitter.
Fucking idiot calling someone an "asshole" does not allow you  to misrepresent empirical reality.
You are bullshitting. The debate is NOT about a 2016 report, but the "representativeness" of SubSaharans mistaken for Berbers.
I can feel in my bones, from the #googlememo (and my UK story) that something is starting to crumble.  I mean, to crumble.
Donc le latin moderne
Le francais est une langue mediterranenne parlee par des celtes
I can try to handle!
Actually we have evidence Egyptians were lighter & we need to find them in Roman army.
Delong what the fuck are you doing in my feed? Did you grow a brain?
But, fundamentally, saying "I am a woman hence I have a license to call everyone who bothers me a misogynist" infuriates me.
Beard said "accurate" which got me going. Then backtracked Then misrepresented the exchange abt credentials. Then used the feminist cover. pic.twitter.com/FOKqWJ6JXm
Philip the Arab was actually from Hawran. Look at Damascenes.
Please, please, no!
If i told you it would be gamed!
And uses double negatives. Anything else?
Yes, finally completed. Longhand is though when spoiled by Wolfram
No, they are all tawk.
She corrected some later after my post on her "BS"
Salibi claims Lebanon had wave of  settlements byYemenis. No trace of J1e among Sunnis. Historian texts= hearsay + fabrication + some truth pic.twitter.com/KuTtE4p3OQ
Languages come and go, genes stay.
I meant negative (since k2/k1) is negative.
Ms Alexander, you can bullshit all you want, but you can't bullshit about DNA. Kapish?
Yes there is a condition that the rhs is positive for the minimum. So will need to look for joint minimum. pic.twitter.com/Ga32FSP48C
And his children !
You mean Kafur was insulted by Almutanabi.
Libertarian-localist, make it official.
Do some thinking. These markers increase over time. Do some thinking.
I am working on a metric similar to entropy: gene concentration/variance is key.
We have an idea about the group from mixtures, and, yes, more like Zidane 2000 y ago.
Sorry Hayahudim. BTW you know what happened to the Jews of Medina, no?
He had a tough ending!
In UK, It is misogynist to not deal w/a woman as one would w/a man. But if you deal w/a woman as you would w/a man, you are also mysogynist.
That's my point. Kapish?
ha 3am hayahudin... of course since Me-dina from din come from Hebrew, a place where law prevails...
This is how Syrians looked. Like Romans. And the Berbers. Diversity was Mediter vs U.K.   Mary Beard keeps her BS going. pic.twitter.com/nP8hYafBVK
Saudi Arabia has 2 groups: Hijaz (Red Sea) and Najd (desert). Need to find a breakdown.
I need to isolate the Red Sea genetics, but was told distance was what you can expect.
For the sake of Europe!
More bullshit by Mary Beard: Berbers and Syrians were Mediterraneans,  close to Romans in looks, the "diversity" doesn't work there. pic.twitter.com/p9sudkvG38
Yemen-Ethiopia-Nubia-Somalia, etc.
 pic.twitter.com/qHC1KvnNFb
Coming up...
Influx of male traders and soldiers.
BTW Saudi Arabia = Semites + East Africans. Look how close to Egypt. pic.twitter.com/9DsjS9So2G
Oh! Peter Hrechdakian... was my classmate for 12 years
You are certainly not very smart. Thing again about what you wrote.
All I can say so far: very roughly,  Palestinians are Meds on their mother's side, Arabs on their father's. Exhilarating to read history
You are not very smart. Genes diffuse within an individuals, but baring extinction, stay in proportion THROUGH population.
 pic.twitter.com/ZCQpzG45Ix
I agree. Ignore language, not robust... But it showed a strong presence of J1e in some areas.
Palestinian genetic distance using cross-entropy on Mito DNA, female lineage pic.twitter.com/ixCepwzz5G
Often these things are changed AFTER they run their course & harm is done. That's my personal experience.
Yes, was exactly thinking about this. pic.twitter.com/lGUMiyVRct
I find offensive to BEND the truth. I love diversity.
To know the generator has memory.
More linked to deserts
The J1e pic.twitter.com/x8usv8tCTF
Very confusing...
Confusing. Need to check the subclades. J1e is common in Kohanim, and J2 with Sephardic Jews. Also Samaritans.
History. That's history!
The Palestinians appear to be ~one third/half Mediterranean, one third/half Arabs. 8 times more traces of Peninsula Arabs than Lebanon. pic.twitter.com/1lBUSe8VVA
Don't conflate "Northern European" for White unless you exclude Greeks from Europe.
I rest my case. You're an idiot.
Wrong. Less than 2% from peninsula.
'If you actually read..." please provide instances. No BS.
Voila pic.twitter.com/XkgwApcYaa
Which one?
Yes fughodaboud the domain R for a minute.
Yes but a^2+b^2+c^2>= \pm (ab +bc + ca ), no?
My haplogroup is J2b so I find it quite confusing.
Imbecile, these are the people from the Hama area that UK "scholars" want you to believe are "Africans" (J2 haplogroup is the Med gene). pic.twitter.com/KGycAtl7y1
Did Hama (Emesa) people have the SubSaharan phenotype? Do you know how they look? Have you seen their DNA? Hahahaha. Only in the UK
OK, OK, I get the hint. And the challenge.
The reason you call Doctors Dr is to give them priority so they do things faster as they save lives. All the rest is fluff.
Batch 1 pic.twitter.com/V0Q2Rygcnf
He is too smart to take that risk.
Cypriots
Trying to figure out using @PZalloua 's database if Venitians left much imprint... pic.twitter.com/nk7KMPgnJc
@JozamiM Do you know your haplogroup (Y chromosome)? I am looking for the Khozami side.
Writing shd be a form of risk taking.
Change la phrase "sous Nap III, ont COMMENCE a ..." puis anticlerical ... Merci!
C'est apres, la 3e republique, mais l'etat encourageait les missions au levant
(this is fun... a lot of fun) pic.twitter.com/nxRQEcyr4m
About the wusses in UK (and other) universities. pic.twitter.com/yeDd7lpVke
Merci mille fois Emilio!  Je peux mettre votre nom comme traducteur?
Where are the people who are against? Terrorized and silent!
Wusses in UK intelligentsia who hate the Pol.Cor.Gestapo yet are afraid to speak. They study in detail Ceasar, Hanbl, but they are wusses.
In time. But there is bigger fish now.
There are other problems with Simon Singh that he knows about.
UK pol. cor. Gestapo managed to destroy EVERY researcher they went after, including Tim Hunt (Nobel) They can't do NOTHING to me Actually...
You don't fucking understand that "looking good" and *what people think of me* has NEVER been part of my agenda?
I got >1000 insults hurled at me by the Brit IYI mob, posts on hist newsletters, etc. I am still around (haha) What wd break me? 10^5? 10^6?
j'ai perdu l'habitude... je n'ai plus la plume.
2) I guess from your "scholarship" you are so trained to bullshit your way out of situations. You're a fraud.
1) Now that we are talking "manners" let me know why the JLF won't invite you for rudely standing them up to do tourism, w/o apologies.
The general kills the particular! pic.twitter.com/cE88fZ6w1P
Mountain berbers simply: noncoastal people who mixed with Romans, Punics, Arabs, etc.
What google shows me, Ellie. He was probably more Arab. pic.twitter.com/fcWTfLxVqk
Actually their bourgeoisie spoke French in the Levant, particularly Tessaloniki.
Near East,  not Middle East
Now it matters for population dynamics!
Thought experiment: If the child does not have his father's DNA, who will you trust, the social narrative, i.e., "history", or the DNA?
The technique I use is concentration/entropy. If Ingush have 90% of a haplogroup, it diffuses in a certain way. So origin easy to time
The exact opposite. You have the haplogroup of your father, male lineage, w/error rate of 10^-7 Very robust. And daughters have fem lineage.
They were invaded by Babylon and took Akkadian as a language... Then invaded Babylon...
Ignorant idiot, the connection to the French by Christians dates to the capitulations of the 16th C., not colonialism.
Yes, that notion "Indo European"(langu.) vs "Aryan" (population). + turns out Assyrians & Canaanites not Semitic (J2 not J1), very strange
Can explain; we are seeing little of that in the genes. Vandals did not settle much...
Predominantly R1b, which isn't strict "Indo European"(that's language), with Phoenician presence on coast (J2, also same root)
Something Central. People take the language of the ruler, but not the genes... pic.twitter.com/sZvkP27r99
How about this? pic.twitter.com/6th9XBgXA1
This is MUCH more illustrative pic.twitter.com/7QE6eJPStI
Can discuss in gym. For now, this map pic.twitter.com/I1yOWeyg8K
And somehow they think they can police *me*. Let us see...
You are right. I shd explain her BS, but the issue is not just Mary Beard, or even history, but scholarship in the UK
So Mr Pickard, you are confirming that you have absolutely no regards for journalistic ethics?
You can shout "injustice" if someone is taller than you, require compensation for hurt feelings.  Freedom of expression is ROBUST. Kapish?
Come to the US!
It is not N Afr. And ignore companies they show you who you are related to. If Leb went to N Afr, they will relate you to them.
J2 is on the Y chr. E1b1b1 is too general: too many pple have it.
No
@philosofoyle the total lack of interest in the truth, not concealing it, but seeing it as something superfluous in this missi0n.
Anyway I am one quarter Jozami!
Are you connected to myy cousins Anibal and Eduardo? Gisele and Viviane?
great-grandmother on which side?
I wholeheartedly agree. But a subtitle was necessary and that's the only one that can explain the book w/o being technical.
Are you a Jozami from Amioun? Son of ...?
That's the price to pay for a TRULY free press!
(sorry flak meant opposite of what intended)
Justin, @JustinRaimondo, pls, pls give him a break. The Intercept swings in all directions, it's issue-dependent.  Go after CNN, NYT, etc.
OK, finalized the subtitle:              Skin in the Game The Underlying Matrix of Daily Life
The exercise allows us to understand Fat Tails. From my book with @DrCirillo (my class notes at NYU) pic.twitter.com/XF2EeSR3vM
1) Heuristic to get fat tails: Conditional of an event killing 1 billion in 2018, what is most likely? Pandemic Cancer Nuclear accident?
Once I catch someone like Mary Beard in the act of bullshitting, I cease to read additional comments/posts by her & her friends. Kapish?
Indeed, nuclear is thin-tailed & not under Precautionary P, just vigilance.  Very dangerous but no systemic effects, unlike GMOs/epidemics
Ad Hominem was started by Mary Beard. I turned it on her. She subsequently misrepresented the exchange. 1 designation: bullshitter.  Kapish?
If that's how Mary Beard bullshits about her exchange with me, how can anyone trust her historical reports?  No more use for her.
Evidence that Ms Beard is a bullshitter. She tried to degrade me to "pop risk" until I compated the "pop" to HERs. Her report.  Bullshitter! pic.twitter.com/XuaYt7eLCi
Deeper problem in the UK: the PolCorrect police terrorizes academics wusses & few dare speak up ag. the BS. UK Academics are too insecure.
Kate Cooper and Kaitlin Green are taking the scholarly approach; it is a matter of S Med phenotype & worth engagin.Beard is useless; ignore
The royal way is to quietly study quizzes on @CutTheKnotMath
I have 1 in NY
Some ignorance on the part of Ms Beard: classifying Pple of Tiddis, Roman times "nonwhite" equiv.  to classifying London Italians as such
NonKapish. Are you trying to convince me, Mr Cohen, that you are  not stupid?
I am sure that you agree: history shd be accurate representation of past empirical reality not cherry-picked saliency/ availability biases.
Not the point. Going after someone's argument SOLELY by asking for credentials is nonsense.
I don't think anybody was saying NO pple of African ancestry, the discussion was *Representativeness* & typicality of scene.
Because Mr Cohen, you're an imbecile. She went SOLELY after my credentials, I put mine in perspective to hers. Imbecile.
Yes but I net net save time never going to the pump and once in a while supercharging
To start pic.twitter.com/jv76eEUrag
This time I am off the hook!  Figured out a proof for this case by brute force rather than thinking. pic.twitter.com/x55GhtC0wv
Here is the proof, will be my morning brainteaser for k=3. The inequality can be more easily solved via another route but this is worth it! pic.twitter.com/ojiXOJrwBs
Maestro, this is what I found. General proof is elaborate but will try to adapt for 3. pic.twitter.com/5BuKoIkbnY
I think @primalpoly wrote a book on this.
A potential explanation is that Aliens abducted all of them. Hey, I am not an expert on Alien history.
Sorry the answer is NOT there. Try again: where did the genes evaporate?
There is ONE & only ONE question that @wmarybeard needs to answer, & it is: "Where did the diversity genes evaporate?" All the rest is tawk.
So,"Astrology fails to work on data". @wmarybeard "How many books on Astrology have you read? You don't see the nuances" This is 2017!
Ha! Trying to decredentialize me w/"pop risk" nonsense will backfire: I get more academic citations per year than you got all your life!
Pbm vastly more general than @wmarybeard: there is this absence of intellectual rigor in humanities, ANECDOTAL is mistaken for STATISTICAL. pic.twitter.com/gkczkA2MvZ
By memory I found one in Micromegale by Voltaire: He saw a whale. All the inhabitants of the planet are whales.
Friends, can you find antecedents to the "availability heuristic"  in the literature?
Genetic data =>Ms Beard:"dont think you have many qualifications in nuanced historical analysis". This is what is commonly known as bullshit
South Spain got some U6 & L from trade with Mauretania, not Carthage. Punics looked like shorter Greeks.
I apologize if you perceived it as an "insult" (and BTW I've offered your last book as Xmas present), but I need to compress.
The term "unsurprising" is now used as a substitute for *representative* population and "diversity"? Who are you fooling?  "Scholarship?"
Sorry Ms Beard if you are insulted by data, but here is some more. BTW Mr Morley's blog is not "evidence", just anecdotal reasoning. pic.twitter.com/KQ3BTEY0c5
The ONLY other possible explanation is that ALL the "diversity" women had no girls, ALL "diversity" men had no boys, proba ~ 1 in trillions.
He is right, Charles, maybe we mean something more like a monopoly.
Well, Ms Beard... Scientific evidence IS available. Where did the Subsaharan genes evaporate? (w/interMed trading for 25 C.) Stop the BS. pic.twitter.com/bRfgFfNdiW
Italy with all the trade only accumulated less than 1.6% of L/U6 haplogroups over 25 centuries. This diversity BS ...
When @wmarybeard says "firm evidence", god knows what this means. In science evidence is statistical, != backed up historical anecdote.
We have a clear idea of genetic distributions hence backward composition; genes better statisticians than historian hearsay bullshit.
You guess!
Assume infinite support
Answer in here with real world application. I did a bootstrap for variance reasons. pic.twitter.com/UDCPZJxWRE
A bit more...
good. And...
v. good.
A probability Quiz. pic.twitter.com/AIofc0udvQ
You seem klueless w/this agenda of trying to bring your diversity bullshit into the ancient world. Kapish?
I refer to a band of 65km around the Med. And fuck sources most historian accounts are hearsay garbage. Only genetics count. Kapish?
The ~ means predominantly & my statement is kostly derived from population genetics/ remains.
We have a clear idea of the genetic mix of the Ancient Med: ~all light The hint of darker color as marker of slaves who labor in sun?
Actually, in Latin , *virtu* implies courage.
Changing a name from "Lindy Law" to "Lindy Effect" is not coining a new term nor discovering new phenomena. Off the hook this time.
No
By neither!
Courage is the only virtue you can't fake.
Why cursing signals independence, even aristocracy (same chapter in Skin in the Game) pic.twitter.com/hO2Zl3cPfJ
What @saifedean is missing: one large thermo engine generating electricity is more efficient than a sum of distributed ones  (Jensen's Ineq)
11) For the Tesla, the put option embedded in lease ~ %15 of initial price. Breakeven is a 35% drop in used-car mkt. Price for uncertainty!
Dostoyevsky... Nietzsche... De Maistre (18th C -19th C)
It is now priced at 15% of the initial car value.
Hi @bouche_bee, I can see you are engaging a deranged person... I blocked her long ago.
10) On the optimality of buying vs leasing (& optionality of lease), how much does a Tesla currently lose in % after 3 y &/or 36000 miles?
Fucking imbecile she apologized TO THE BOY not to her target.
I am not yet familiar with the DNA there; all I know is that Algerian Berbers are Meds.
Maestro, is there a typo? Can it be that tight?
No, but will alert twitter.
Zelm means poor man, "serf" in E. Aramaic. pic.twitter.com/k7v9o0EKSp
Thing I learned today: The SP500 negative extremes follow the standard Extreme Value Distribution, not the positive extremes pic.twitter.com/HG0MOKBSHS
Have you been to Lebanon? Please stop posting BS on my feed.
JK Rowling should write fiction in her books not in her tweets using Virtue Signaling with children.  The liar did not remove tweet.  Liar. pic.twitter.com/wirfcNNRYD
"could"... but they were already the same 4000 years ago.
I let you guess.
From genetics w @Zalloua, Church founders in Levant & AsiaMinor looked as Lebanese,same they did 3800 years ago, SAME as Southern Europeans. pic.twitter.com/OTLL9ycLPc
Pics are BS. We now know that ancient Eastern Meds looked EXACTLY like modern Eastern Meds,that is like an Italian S. of Rome, a Greek, etc.
Dear Kate, high T are not interventionists. They take no crap but otherwise give no crap.
The downside from the option is adding 20 min per 250 miles, against saving time in gas stations. I take that downside!
From #SkinintheGame You get more results, more peace reducing the State Dept staff & interventionistas. pic.twitter.com/BN8tw80TVq
What is a locked-in technology?
9) It remains that the most subsidized industries (via taxpayer stop)  have been Auto & Banking. Turned both into living carcasses. #Tesla
8) I understand the EV costs energy to make. How about other cars: do they grow on trees?
Longest possible trip to Vermont, lose 20 min.
Not true.
Even if I did, small inconvenience.
7) +Battery depletion [V. small for 50k miles] +Fragility of car [have WARRANTY] I plug at home... I fail to see a compelling arg. ag Tesla.
6) Rational arguments ag. electric: +Electric =fossil [NOT in NY] +Range anxiety [99% of my driving<80m] +Refill [Plug v.convenient for me]
Thing I learned today: Extremes for SP500 are independent for negative, dependent for >0. Gumbel test  @DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/sKMHf60CWK
I have another one TK for extremes
proper Galabrez
In SiculoCalabrese, "Capisci" not quite pronounced "Kapish", more like "Gabish", w/the G almost a Semitic Qof. What shd I use in my books?
Then why don't you use petrol/diesel cell phones and laptops?
I am not comparing Trump to Leonidas; I am comparing him to his peers. Gabish?
(cont) Honor is necessary, but not sufficient.  Tired of the sophistry w/ counterexamples from Mafia, etc.
Quality!
Right! So let me correct.
Honor and Soul in the Game pic.twitter.com/fl8Vydx2Bm
90D as they had no stock for 2 months
Not the experience of others...
I see I blocked the imbecile but don't remember why.
This I got... It is the H that is missing.
5) Skin in the game: I waited to buy a Tesla before commenting...
4) Yesterday, I replaced my lemon MiniCooper Flaneurmobile with a Tesla, wondering why I didn't do it before.
I  didn't see the H exponent which is the problem I have generating MC paths.
3) We wasted 120 years not focusing on the battery...
2) The Tesla needs no oil change, no regular visits to the dealer so he could overcharge you for maintenance, no nothing.
1) Is it me or is it that when you see a Tesla you realize there has been a conspiracy to make us drive complicated crap for 50 years?
Again the definition of "religion" is so fuzzy across pple that we can't blame something on it without further specification.
You can safely say that Salafism is similar to Atheistic Soviet Communism in its reach over ALL human activities.
Mathematica can generate a random Fractional Brownian (to use for rough volatility) but Arithmetic not Geometric. pic.twitter.com/w3xscSTaIj
Thanks!
They are not.
Do you have Mathematica codes for rough vol Monte Carlo generation?
Western Syria is genetically close to Lebanon. Not Eatern Syria. Now leave us alone, Kapish?
Well... AlSham != Syria. Historical "Syria" was ar. Antioch, hardly included Damascus. Romans put Phoenicia into Syria Libanensis.
The Standard Autocorrelation Function (used by economists and other idiots) fails to detect dependence. pic.twitter.com/uKvzlsGEKe
Centrally, unlike genetics-based medicine (huge dimensionality problems), DNA is very robust to parentage.  You know your origin at ~10^-10
Volatility clustering, roughly seen. If we dig, we can see that: 1) It is NOT self-exciting Poisson 2) It is NOT stochastic vol. "Rough Vol" pic.twitter.com/J1HEZGJJGa
#somethingIlearnedtoday People on the "left" have higher school scores People on the "left" can't figure out complex systems Problem=school
How can one be that stupid as you yet buckle one's shoes?
You see independence in return space, but not in absolute return. I am running a simple test to show.
They don't.
Sorry to interfere but Michael please leave him alone and do not use my handle on this.
Yes but it is squared returns (volatility clusters, not direction).
Disagree. It is just that volatility begets volatility. Big Down Day => Big Up of Down Day. Drawdowns are not different under summation. pic.twitter.com/E0CSIDj7Zd
Something I learned today: The SP500 is Fat Tailed because of serial dependence. pic.twitter.com/zJFZLEdgma
Actually I only read him AFTER having had the ideas...
These tests are BS as they misspecify origin of genes. If greek genes in Mesopotamia, they think you are related to them.
Uncomfortable for some that, in spite of claims by some of "Arab descent", no imprint in the genes/culture. "Arab nationalism" is dead.
This 99% chimp theory  is TOTAL BS. DNA is based on genetic distance or rigorous divergence metrics, not raw comparisons.
A part les gens du Koura, bien entendu!
There is no prospect theory. They use bounded and defined risks,
S
You don't use life expectancy tables for people whi are ill... same thing
That it is "not sick".
No. You didn't get the stability condition.
I just bought a Tesla
You infer smoothness from "for all x, y"
Voila!
Calabrese barbers, my friends for 25 y pic.twitter.com/MjowvaUuSQ
Not quite
Maestro Bogomolny gave you a strong hint for the third one.
Good. I found 2 more.
4 out of the 6 Syrian kids in the Olympiad are from the minorities that the "rebels" want to ethnically cleanse.
An interesting style math problem from the 2017 Olympiad. (2nd most difficult)  Also #FF @CutTheKnotMath who keeps us sharp with these. pic.twitter.com/lkLtOqbkUT
The problem is never the problem. It is how @ForeignPolicy deals with it that is the main problem.
Tried to portray son of Syria's Assad as a loser who "flucked" math test. Turned out math test was Olympiad & he got Honor. Men. DESPICABLE.
I mean right under the bronze.
There are fit-all words such as 'narcissistic' that God created for idiots without a precise argument.
Florentine style!
No self respecting Squid Ink eater will EVER put cheese on a fish pasta. Kapish?
Genetically, but not by much. Depends where. The tragedy is that Palestinians & Jews are very related. Gaza mostly Egyptians.
Squid ink with farro grain, Tbone steak and a lot of probability with statistician @philipbstark pic.twitter.com/i7G4uwUOno
We have data showing that less than 2% of the population has Arab blood, less than, say, SouthWestern Europe!
Actually it is obvious that it is an identity if the final equality holds.
Another typo ... pic.twitter.com/WiyYAQeBTG
Never blame sign inversion on anything if you can blame it on jetlag.
Here is what I got confused about. As usual, a simple sign error. pic.twitter.com/kNf1icCynn
Yes I wrote minimum yet used max.  Jetlag maybe. Fixing.
In Colorado next week... Any intersection?
I am in NY today
The inequality is a general rule. The particular case is an identity.
Ole, here is my conversation with Andrew. Andrew, it it OK? pic.twitter.com/4Dxc65uj0J
An interesting sub-inequality pic.twitter.com/MP5BR7Ql2R
He seems one
Per capita? Imbecile.
I blocked him.
CAN YOU TAKE MY NAME OFF THAT CRAP?
We need to refresh
For now. The idea of a max for g outside max lamba_1 and _2 is coming up. pic.twitter.com/I1UzWFvdrL
Some pple criticizing economists because they "use math". But they can't even use math: they VIOLATE elementary probability theory. pic.twitter.com/6oiaoWEIkt
Revised. pic.twitter.com/TBw5ovlunU
I detected but went one way not the other. Concave is worst at equality! Will revise.
A lesson for SaudiBarbaria Tsar Alexsndr II who freed the serfs,made reforms was assassinated You suddenly give rights, they want much more
I meant lambda_2=6
It shd be the other way around!
Finally, sorry but I had to go the "inelegant" route. pic.twitter.com/Nnhxe0jPRc
@JulianRoepcke  is a fraud. He should tweet from Syria.
Which produces another inequality pic.twitter.com/WkIqNimfbN
C'est reel ce truc.
Please keep NYU out of this. Every university has its imbeciles.
Ok ok give an hour
Yes got a>b>c backwards. Will fix. Jet lag.
Corrected pic.twitter.com/kIc5LjfnXu
Ok different name. c>b>a then b-a >0, etc. Boarding plane will send revision.
Typos. I meant c^2 for bc , a^2 for ac, etc.
Some BSer just tried to frame me as an authoritarianist. If you say "No, I am not" they prey on you by 000s. If you say "fuckoff", they do.
If you are afraid for your reputation in ANY circle, you should NOT be in academia. Or at least you should not be a scholar.
Yes, you can't from a SINGLE experiment and no Background priors. Check the "proper" score or Brier Score.
Recap:Honor means that, for *some* transactions, no price & no threat will ever be high enough for you. Can't find honor in "intelligentzia"
We completely escape the problem in math finance, even portfolio theory. Can explain. Will add to write up.
Yes, but no portfolio has a ruin probability thanks to dynamic hedging under thin-tails. Let's discuss over lunch.
It is implicit in the self-financing portfolio, and the no-leverage stuff.
You realize I block bullshitters.
Very very very important point. Laboratory can be ergodic bt translation to real life requires a time average. Hence many results irrelevant
Those semi-intellectuals considered "intellectuals" get furious when shown the same disrespect as they have towards nonintellectuals.
No
We have some Karamanlis here in Leb.  Onassis, though from Smyrna, spoke Turkish to his grandparents...
Or this, easier to see pic.twitter.com/nHTboHkgyq
I meant the lhs is convex. Would this even lazier approach work? pic.twitter.com/VASj2lbHbs
Well, the DNA shows they didn't
I wonder what Tom Holland thinks of this passage abt the minority rule and how monotheists (and atheists) fail to get ambiguity... pic.twitter.com/UL2s6bwOSp
A lazy, lazy, lazy "proof". pic.twitter.com/TsIkyTJe8b
I need to hurry before Amit.
Yes, but Western Christianity never accepted wealth.
Bingo. Islam survived because of a collective insurance mechanism by which 1) wealth is honorable BUT 2) the wealthy HAS TO support the weak
Actually, as a witness, I can affirm that it is true.
It is the "Greeks" in Cyprus who have more Southern blood; shows in mitochondrial, less in Y chrom.
The only thing I wrote about Julian that is vaguely negative: he thought that paganism could be a centralized religion! pic.twitter.com/7RYnM5rk6g
Turks in Cyprus are largely converted and settlers w/ J2
Ha!  As predicted, @keithkloor posts a piece saying he is not a Monsanto shill that is spread by... identified Monsanto shills. @thackerpd
Department of wrong analogies: Hitler was planning to INVADE the rest of Europe.  Imbecile.
Gibbon was an admirer. So are so many classicists.  I for one am a fan of J.
Here it is more than causation but necessary A<=>B as it is the same thing. Kapish?
responds to temporal variation indicates nonlinearity
Interesting misconduct: @keithkloor can only defend himself by using Monsanto resources! Truth is like gold; can't bury it for long.
Well... that's what we just did with one more step (x=a+1)
The reason we use IF-THEN (see paper) is because NONLINEARITY (convex of concave) <=> gains (loses) of variability  by theorem.
Second thing done in the six month by Donaldo: Tillerson is purging the State Department of IYIs and "faux experts". Thank you. pic.twitter.com/rgLpiqeLft
The way we can get rigorous inference is that CONVEX => unevenness. Hence episodic variations.
In fairness to Pinker, was told he strongly favors free speech incontrasttomanyofhispeers Note that freespeech is a mechanism,unlike "Truth"
I modified to use "additively separable function"
I think TEXTURE is better than MATRIX.
Some traces. But they were very few! Again, supports the conjecture.
Imbecile was mase by Zalloua my collaborator.
THe Saudis are funding him. Kapish?
More harmful for free speech?  Jihadis shooting Charlie Hebdo journos  Salafinazis like @Lsarsour using SJW for cover to ostracize dissent
G
Correction: handle for the Salafinazi is @lsarsour
Blocked the troll: our point is precisely scale.
Coastal of course.
>15000 y
Forgot to Add the Red Sea: Yemen, Hijaz/Ethiopia, Egypt
Contradict, if you can. Kapish?
Speculation from Genetics:  If people eat the same they look the same, and they probably share water. Migrations have stopping time. pic.twitter.com/8ULJtqXQGO
Skin in the Game A The Invisible Matrix of Daily Life B The Hidden Symmetry in Daily Life C Silent asymmetries in Daily Life
But it is linked!
Skin in the Game: Silent asymmetries in Daily Life
Bingo.
Skin in the Game: The Invisible Symmetry in Daily Life
Can you do single line spacing?
Playing with the most representative title
Skin in the Game: The Invisible Matrix of Daily Life
One needs shortcomings in practical reasoning abilities & misunderstanding of sequencing to call a response to ininvited comment "trolling"
Not as much as my confidence that you are an idiot.
It looks like Ammianus may have been named after/ was from my village Amioun @ArmandDAngour
Things like Ayn Rand, D. Trump, Antifragile, Ergodicity, Probablty, SquidInk, IYI, Pseudo-rationality that either you get or will never get
When you dig into them, most of what is called "rational argument" is highly disguized but extremely articulate BS.
You mean "humility"
Convexity + monotone?
We see the convexity here. pic.twitter.com/N5pjwZDVXL
YEs but the convexity comes from the constraint as if you increase a you need decrease b, etc.
Correcto!!! changed the .tex file.
We can do: let a>= b>= c., then a^2b^2 >= b^4, etc...
Yes because the function is convex is a, b, and c.
Found a proof via b=y/2 c=z/3, min for a=b=c
Where a problem leads to another problem pic.twitter.com/HAkLd3f0Zb
He's a BS vendor, no?
What's that GARBAGE list? Please don't retweet this crap.
It is called "BS"
That one I have. Great!
Trying another method... Tinkering with something other than AM-GM for the lhs. pic.twitter.com/7N6egBfhuf
Yes, plan to start Descartes publishing.
Society is increasingly run by those who are better at explaining than understanding. Forced skin in the game filters these out.  (Intro)
No
My second favorite!
Great but the other one is more of a map.
The colors are so attractive hope  @DrCirillo and I can do the same. pic.twitter.com/bvYnihd6X4
Dense pocket book w/a map of math in great detail. Great for travel & mathematical flaneuring.  French trans. from German. No English equiv. pic.twitter.com/TFBwXDismd
Except for survival under skin in the game.
Hi Mawya, they will try their machinery to harrass you. Keep track of all of them for later use. Let me know if you need help.
One of the "failures" sold a company for  billions. There exists no business in which people can be as clueless as journos, yet survive.
Grazie! Just ordered.
Bullshitters like you, indeed.
no, sophistry
I am eager to find the reference about the pale skin of Syrians refs by Arabs... Would be interesting.
Oral tradition is not worth the paper on which it is written!
This is BULLLLLLLLLLLLS**T See @PZalloua
Lina do you have the refs about Arabs describing Syrians?
for instance "Khatib" is not Arabic but more Levantine pre-Islamic
A lot of "Arab" is not Arab note 159  file:///Users/nntaleb/Desktop/Web/notebook-old-1.html
2) Cont Election Paper pic.twitter.com/TFVgDvBA3S
1) Submitted this version of the Election paper to a journal. pic.twitter.com/EGHkyIZe0F
Arabs were always Ethiopianish.  And Lina, no Ghassanids (J1e) aren't found among Syrian CHristians. These closer to Greeks.
Khaleej is combination Ethiopian + Pakistani/Indian from Bombay.
Most Syrians are original Syrians, particularly in the West and the North. Arab blood is found in Hawran and Eatern Syria.
Baath culture of Arabization of past 50 years.
These were not Arabs but Syrians/Lebs who sued to be classified as White to avoid prejudice, They were under the  illusion they were Arabs
Some J1 but not the Arabian subclade J1e, some R1a, some G, and some subSaharan in Morroco, Egypt and a little in Tunisia.
It changed in the early 1930 in US to include Meds because of the Greco-Roman centrality to Western Civilization.
No, unless under your classification ALL Meds are nonwhite. It means Romans (J2) were/are not white.
Boss!
No, nitwit, their bestseller list is just adding numbers.
I blocked the fellow. Too ignorant for conversation.
R1a, J2, G... pure Caucasian/European. Kapish? pic.twitter.com/UeXWuT3ChZ
Tatars are originally Caucasians, speak Turkic.  Look at Turks themselves. They are originally Greek and Armenians (don't tell them
So we now can quantify by how much books on "RISK" using "empiricism" like Fischhoff's & oth. nonrisktaking academics are clueless. pic.twitter.com/A0Q4vNP9NY
Finally found a closed-form for by how much we underestimate the true extreme using a "empirical distribution" (Reason: rainy Friday in NY.) pic.twitter.com/GxShlFKTuV
Phoenicians were J2. And many Lebs are !100% Greek (Koura & Tripoli)
It's bec.of the roots of most "Caucasians" are in the Caucasus. Ingush are >85% J2, meaning most Meds descend from them. But subclades >25KY
actually it is almost the same as Amit... No fair!
I block pple for idiotic comments. Kapish?
There is NO EVIDENCE whatsoever abt safety of GMOs. Not ONE risk study. Nor does hiding stuff abt Glyphosate help much Keep trying Monsanto! pic.twitter.com/aVWv2rfqa9
Amit is 1) very very good, 2) very very quick, 3) has a time zone advantage!
Saif how much cheese do you consume?
I'm done with him; I have him on silent.
IYI Steil, don't flatter yourself, I am not messing with you bec I am angry;  I just take immense pleasure in busting BS vendors. Kapish?
By definition IYIs (Intellectuals Yet Idiots) provide responses that are independent of the question.
Do you have a remark that's not some asinine platitudinous reply lifted from "Response Manual for low IQ Thinkers for All Circumstances?"
Proved that the so-called "Empirical Distribution" is not empirical, the "robust" is not robust. This is a scratchpad pic.twitter.com/TZBDsvEaKW
Anyway Amit got there first!
Not if you live overseas. THen it is ZERO.
It isn't natural to know when your vacation/week end terminates.  Modern life creates Sunday night blues.  Flaneuring removes such a specter
I used the same first inequality as Amit, but from Jensen.
Russell, we have accumlated a loooooooooooot of data about shills.  Free markets require ethics and find ways to catalogue violations.
Hi, it would be interesting to look for their genes. @PZalloua
Lettres anglaises...
But \frac{1}{n} \sum^n x_i is the average ONLY is n "sufficient". For fat tails n huge
To paraphrase Feynman, math like s*x, is something you do for the fun, with potential side effects.
No. Shilldom is well defined ($). Plus you are degrading your intellectal standards with a class of people.
But @TamarHaspel is a Monsanto shill!
This is not skepticism. Skepticism is abt technic matters. And no it is not "rationality"
I think the Imam is for tolerance, anti-Salafism, etc. Ignore Harris who may use him for Islamophobia.
"Grumpy?" You don't kapish. I am the opposite, very jovial  in private life BECAUSE I don't have fools around.  These are rare in life.
You the best
Dropbox TK pic.twitter.com/x8SiJzRo8i
που?
Depends! For a doctor, it counts. In macro domains it doesn't
[Thread on Pyrrhic Victories] "If we win one more victory, we are doomed!" Si alteram talem victoriam reporta, vero mea erit pernicies
Vastly worse
The most serious error in statistics is taking properties out of a textbook and applying it mechanistically (a la Pinker boy). pic.twitter.com/bVuLOfwXRK
?
What should I discuss?
In about 9 minutes will start my econtalk with@EconTalker pic.twitter.com/nf7WdcviSJ
Se Affrica pianse, Italia non ne rise (in Italiano) Original Latin: Flet victus victor interiit (slightly different)
Heuristic: when picking a restaurant in an unfamiliar city, don't look at the menu, look at the clients.
Same as fake entrepreneurs only interested in packaging and selling companies: fake scholars only interested in credentials/local status.
Yes depends on X or Y chrm Turks are < 10% Turkic!
Languages work by powerful minority, genes only majority.
No
Mr @WGoetzmann you have 12h to remove the misleasing bullshit-science or we will cite. Not "asking for permission" for a 20m paper. pic.twitter.com/c1EppiWbrY
More graphs, processing with equations. pic.twitter.com/vmrjVF5Yd1
Thanks to @CutTheKnotMath being away, did not start the past 2 days w/ his quizzes. Finishing  Nonsense w/tail risk by econs & psychologists pic.twitter.com/9c6IaRu6Ry
A citizenship is not a piece of paper. It comes with commitment. pic.twitter.com/TsmkNB5X6y
Many startups are by fake entrepreneurs... pic.twitter.com/NXIvBldVhM
Actually looks like hypoxia is reached only through blocage. So it has to be something similar, but not hypoxia.
What Rory does is nonBS. Advertisers know how to manipulate people.  Academics tend to BS.
No, loss aversion is what makes probabilities ergodic.
The problem is that blood pressure goes up, HR not so much, and vice versa. @CoachRippetoe 's 5x is a compromise.
You need to reach hypoxia.
Rip @coachRippetoe told me that you can get the heart beats up w/weightlifting/pushing cart. Squats/presses get to 160. Looking for 180.
Never
My last 3 gym workouts lasted 5 min @GuruAnaerobic
I try to bring the heart to 170-180 then wait a minute to verify a drop of >30. As a heuristic it is very powerful marker yet simple.
Getting to *prove* how tail risk estimation methods are flawed in the econ & behavioral econ literature. pic.twitter.com/XRiEzihhDW
nxaraf essabab, raḣ el xajab.
You idiots are not getting renormalization. Things do not add arithmetically. Google my Minority Rule.
Slight... but it also comes from traveling.
Strangely, @clarissaward from CNN posts nothing but fraudulous news/Jihadi propaganda that spreads & never retracts. Why it keep going?
Visit to Kazakstan last mont. No tie, of course. Lost 6 lbs on a zero-carb (no squid ink) diet since. pic.twitter.com/irhCTMHMrf
Behavioral behavior is not behavioral econ.
The point is that under nonergodicity, Equity premia are not bankable..
And I am going to ask a "consultant" to tawk about Real Life?
Typos pic.twitter.com/DwmFOhTebf
Why" Nudge" and much of Behavioral Econ is bullshit science. pic.twitter.com/QFGQBUXnxN
That's it ; thanks a million!
Starts around :55
#BF Block on Friday: every person who follows CNN.
Modernity: we go much, much better at explaining than understanding.
Buy real estate they call overpriced Read books called overrated Invest in markets called "irrational" Do things you enjoy but can't explain
You shd put the A Blinder problem in connection with rent seeking, using bureaucratic privileges...
No, the Alan Blinder violation is VASTLY worse.
A very, very, very lazy proof. pic.twitter.com/GVc28GpV5Q
Sorry I thought you were promoting the meme.
BS. See Antifragile.  If you tweet BS you get blocked. Kapish?
(cont) you can have a large distributor. Large producers usually fail.
"Economies of scale" are not compatible with reduced survival in SP500, or extinction of large animals. Large is fragile. See #Antifragile
I ban bullshitters & sophistry of the style "how's that math works?".
BS argument.
Even the counterample, BOEING, is a coordinator of hundreds of small suppliers & 000s sub-suppliers.
Simply: Find  A restaurant that has >200 tables and serves good food A large winery that makes drinkable wine  Same w/farms
Is it fun to read?
The idea is to prove for small n. See other threads.
1) There may be an inverse Binom/Pascal's Triangle by rolling back I(n,n), 2 I(n,n-1), 2 I(n,n-2)+I(n-1,n-2), etc... 2) shd b >= not > (n=1)
Every plane crash, every instance of iatrogenics, every nuclear problem.
Nafs el fikra, ṡwayy ġayr liġa.
No, from financing.
We can tighten pic.twitter.com/KyzVUpGZuJ
Apologies, the con artist is @Charles_Lister, I tagged the wrong person.
Ammianus Marcellinus. A popular novel by Gore Vidal if you don't want to work.
Fixed pic.twitter.com/E1FRhjFleU
Flipped sign, I see.
KKT
Let me update and repost <1 hour.
I can write up in TeX if you wish.
It shows that one of the three param needs to be exactly 1, one needs to be exactly -1, and the third can take any value.
Antifragile is a local property in an interval [a,b]. So AF in [0,b].
Don't tell anyone!
Of course not all intellectuals are idiots and not all idiots are intellectual. In fact the IYI is intellectual ma non troppo.
Don't tell anyone!
The new book by @newtgingrich revolves around the IYI. --- Now this would lead to some tangible policies. pic.twitter.com/bmF9N2e0G2
We have ignorant "Arab nationalists" who, when they find a Levantine expression that's not Arabic, make up BS theories. It's NOT Arabic. pic.twitter.com/W5PvpIZcFR
An exploration of the answer. The devil is in the constraint. Exploration is not proof, but it sure makes it more fun. pic.twitter.com/gpAsuy90po
I squared ...
la'anno el jawz huwwe aṡl kilmet bil arame, kilmet "zwj" jeye min xarabe. Different root.
Iṡṫfl yexne "ruḣ ḋix", minel maxna l'awwal bil canxane
Simple question, to verify that we have the same notation. If so, proof can be done very simply by calculus. pic.twitter.com/wxUjXQvlTX
You are not getting it. the word DOES NOT COME from Arabic.
I am in Riyadh time zone. you?
Actually, not from Child but same root. (This is older Aramaic) pic.twitter.com/8TW5x54Jay
It is not FROM Arabic. Bass mush akid kanno minel arame amma ablo. pic.twitter.com/TNoljCLWG0
That's what we have, no?
Anyway proves the initial one.
I mean 1.98 pic.twitter.com/HeMw807pdH
No, you need to order pic.twitter.com/do52zKnH1m
Paula, capitalism works by letting the strong destroy the strong.
GINI paper with @DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/VdlxCjCCrT
The fellow infiltrated a party, lied about his identity, and ate and slept at my expense for 3 days. He is a liar w/shady background.
Yes, used the same route. y[0]==a constant, then limit[constant ->0]
Bobo the man is paid to smear. The worst scum. And a liar. Can explain.
"If powerful assholes don't find you arrogant, you are doing something wrong." (B. of Proc.)  (Henry Miller is a shill for Monsanto & oth.) pic.twitter.com/GT4tEpJzUb
The derivative y'[x] has more and more frequent infinities. pic.twitter.com/RCMBTmj1hb
But there were no strawberries in Egypt/Eastern Med. What was it?
So we should say on interval [0,2), (2,3] with a pole at 2. or (0,3)\2 ?
A bit long to read. Anything special?
The verification pic.twitter.com/a7A3ry8KAv
And indeed Mathematica has no "frontal" solution. But special functions do wonders. pic.twitter.com/IE49Knsqzn
I apparently found a solution, via tricks. pic.twitter.com/hOLfwGhpbn
Paula, pple can tolerate a strong corporation preying on defenseless teenage girls, but not on someone more powerful preying on them?
I block fools at the first such remark as "excuse to disenfranchise & persecute ppl".
So the problem could be nitrate, not meat. Kapish?
If we've been eating animals for > 300 million years & some "study" says it's "unhealthy", odds study is wrong/misspecified. #LindyEffect
Mostly wrong but never consequentially so. Kapish?
Now that Amit had a solution via integration by parts I am left with the impossible task  of finding another route. Unfair !
Even at higher attainable speeds, it works well. Tired of the BS that Newton was wrong.
Newtonian mechanics are hugely reliable.
A marker for a charlatan: someone who uses arguments type"this is the best model we have". Skin in the game pple use ONLY reliable models.
Samir, recall that I am a data scientist. The data is often circularly cited. Typical bias is inflation. More, later.
Samir, I suspect the number of refugees is much much lower. I saw how some unnamed intl agency inflated the numbers to get more funding.
Nadim you still live in data-free territory. How about the "rebels"?
Probability is largely bounds and conditional bounds.
Do you use the map of Tokyo in Rome? Or better nothing? Why is it that people don't get that nothing beats BS.
You are not getting that you do meta- distributions? Think before tweeting.
No
No.
If you post one more BS comment I will block you. Kapish?
Not the point. If you don't understand probability, don't do science. Kapish?
You caught me! not so easy, proof is actually longer than previous part!
To the freq. question, "which book to learn probability?" DO NOT start w/books. Do zillions of Monte Carlo, play & play until you get it.
An excuse to use Schur's pic.twitter.com/prO39sc9qS
Aged women don't bother me as much as fake old men.
Socialscience trying to look like science is like an aged man w/dyed hair & excessive facial surgery; ends up looking both v. old & v. fake.
A sign of development for a country is in the lack of prestige for government officials.
Lindy + Popper
Lepanto had slaves on both sides, in galleys.
The Roman army did not employ slaves (except during one Punic war). Only the free can fight.
Exact same problem.
No, because it is the same variable.
Not Lindy.
لا pic.twitter.com/lmLIi88cnK
The problem with psychology & other BS sciences: they are  highly convincing, but only temporarily so.
More governance; but decentralized systems achieve the same.
And what did you get?
The context here is Freedom of Speech, very clear, easy to define. Check above. Has not changed. Kapish?
Good point. But have you tried to define social justice?
Not robust.
4 seasons?
No, fucking idiot, one cannot use liberty arguments to defend slavery. Idiot.
2) It is hard to define "fairness", "justice" & other terms by SJW; never hard to define freedom. Libertarians put liberty over all else.
I exclude material fatigue as use one-period model.
The only thing to look at is imbalance: comes from invasions (soldiers). Otherwise, they map to one another.
Palestinians mostly J1 in South.
North!
Fixed pic.twitter.com/sArFbUplzC
Also shd be \leq 0 at the end
Some typos in first equation.  Integrand shd include x. Will fix.
no
Riemann Surfaces, sort of. Below is the Abr. & Stig. now used for 50 years! pic.twitter.com/vDJoDNrAv8
No, he did not cite me. It's David's.
Now this is work.
If I recycle the idea in SITG, I wd increase my liability to you! Not counting the secret hotel in Tuscany.
If a law suit is profitable, lawyers will oblige (the contingency that doesn't exist in Europe).
Too crude... I had Hypatia, Valerian, the musician, a couple of monks, a few Persians,... But want the reader to see more of the positive...
I found 10 episodes in the literature of people flayed alive. I somehow hesitated to add...
Not enough. As we saw with Gawker, they can increase ratings by predation over individuals.
I didn't think he was considered a professional historian. His latest History of Sicily is molto amateurish.
Mathematics uses  { } for both sets and intervals.
Usually, if I insult someone, it is that 1) I have written him off as a bullshitter (Pinker), 2) I find him dangerous somewhere...
Regulation vs Legal Systems pic.twitter.com/6LH7wbdS30
Right, sorry, did not read  my code!
You remember the insults you received far more than those you gave.
Why x^4? Why not x^2?
I get this resolution from Wolfram: lim sin(x) as x->\infty = {-1,1} So either not a number or we have a treatment via sets. {a,b,...} pic.twitter.com/gxRmY2xRcf
Only on a domain pic.twitter.com/JOfSvo9n2u
I would go. Safer than, say, ... Paris
You need equal probability for realizations of x.
Depends on domain for x. Needs to be uniform on \pm a multiple of Pi/2
No: counterwxample Exp(x)
Of course it is.
If X has skew 0
QUIZ duJour: Find 2 variables X and Y with 0 correlation, yet are 100% "dependent",( if you know what a realization of X, you guess Y.)
Not everyone! Only some.
We are interested in POPULATIONS, not a single individual. Kapish?
The map misses J2 in  Italy (South, Estrusca)  "una una faccia una razza",  Corsica, & Western Spain,  & R1a in Anatolia/Levant. @fadyasly
The convergence is ... strange. By steps. pic.twitter.com/Tyz1E4WRBw
If I recall, he died in Athens...  Anyway, as you well know, mon cher Constantine, the motherland was Constantinople.
We never get to the limit. pic.twitter.com/qF9bg7tgnw
You only get it for n \infty, in which case it is neither Sup nor Inf since it is periodical.
For the Chebyshev bound you need to know FUTURE variance. Kapish?
Typo: summation of exponentials.
The shortest distance in the Real domain goes through the Im. pic.twitter.com/jLH1GMpziZ
Self assessment. Like economics. pic.twitter.com/WD1W9WKVpf
Probably 1) some patience, 2) an appetite for tinkering, 3) coffee. pic.twitter.com/99g1msmBMK
No, his skepticism is FAKE.
By some coincidence just had dinner with him.
Mathematical scratchnotes for Skin in the Game. pic.twitter.com/Qi8PiJMLMo
Quis tulerit Gracchos de seditione querentes
Even before... Seneca?
Effectively, tried the Brute Force. pic.twitter.com/dpM2QrviCp
Syrian Greeks, Hellenistic.
Please, no BS. He is talking about integration.
The sauce has no ink...
I don't know if I am adding anything with this. If so I will provide a TeX file. pic.twitter.com/UyQ1vURgo2
The only compliments I really take seriously as those by such erudites as @ArmandDAngour . Or Fat Tony.
The only answer I have to your comment is that you an imbecile.
The enemy of market system isn't some pot-smoking hirsute communistic hippie, but a suit wearing banker or Federal Reserve employee.
You don't seem to get it. The integral PROVES convergence of the ratio.
Greek-Orthodox Christianity IS the Hellenization of a certain Semitic religion. Kapish?
Here is how. If @CutTheKnotMath wants, I can add this to the response, but it is implicit. pic.twitter.com/lUbGQLUYbs
You get an extra term that requires limits. At the limit the ratio of the  [0,1] vanishes.
Added a Mathematica double check and intuition builder. pic.twitter.com/v5xtOK8WNn
THen use the law of large numbers. Praise is only valuable if the person is economical in his praise!
Solved via a calculus trick. pic.twitter.com/U9fcvYXTqq
No praise is valid unless its author is as prone to praising as to laying blame.
Can we use Harmonic numbers/Special functions or it would be cheating?
Ha!
1) My problem is that statistical metrics from the cookbook don't work w/o specific modifications which requires rederivation.
He is good! Leave him alone, he is one of us.
Not quite. Actually, nice commentary, but need background.  Feller, 1 and 2 at the minimum.
Who is forecasting?
No, fucking idiot, you can't lecture on statistics if you don't know probability. Pseudoanalogies.
They are a chapter in our book!
Snapshots of recent work on how to asses SP500 tail probabilities. pic.twitter.com/jooVBA7LLt
Some Monte Carlo Intuition, just for fun. pic.twitter.com/S37HRIbdB9
Yes but the point is chef should stay with cooking, not beyond.  Sutor, ne supra crepillam...
You simplly cannot do statistics without an understanding of probability.
Lakens' stuff is similar to some kitchen chef trying to lecture on theoretical chemistry. You can't do statistics without mathematics.
The opposite of reading is not not reading, but reading something like the @NewYorker.
Actually, disagree. Failure to reject != accept, statistically.
"Merime", impure, comes from "muharram" (<-haram), which makes their hidden religion even more confusing to track.
Is it me or something is wrong with this painting by Yevgraf Sorokin, 1853, of Spanish gitanos. Romas are supposed to avoid dogs (impure). pic.twitter.com/ZPrVFT8brg
They have trained govs. Govs got better.
J. Ceasar's thinking: Accumulate details, plan silently, then move fast ag. your enemy Chronic engagement is just training him #Antifragile
Being a scholar is ignoring what the person does outside the scholarship.
His personality is what I was after, from what I recall.  You have to avoid not-referencing someone's ideas because you don't like him.
If you are famous, rich, or prominent, avoid people whose friends are all famous, rich, or prominent.
Fictiones by Borges.
If I recall I cited from Algazel's original text.
Actually holds for all time. Spinoza, Leibnitz, Newton wrote in Latin. Does it make them Roman?
Yes, and it was written as a book Antifragile which discusses Algazel's needle.
2) And Plato got the point of synchronization backwards. He wanted some IYI philosopher schuck to run the state. Kapish?
Specialization was obvious from the first/second professions & abt  implicitly present in EVERY text. The point is synchronization. Kapish?
Nobody is criticizing. Just exposing BS vendors for pleasure. For pleasure. Kapish?
In general, if an "Arab" discovery was made by a Persian (or a Babylonian), one should try to look further East.
The web is a nice refuge for imbeciles. Blocking this idiot.
As an example of spontaneous coordination without a central planner.
Example of the pin made by various of pple unaware of one another, used by A.Smith, originally in Algazel Could have originated further East
Where is @davidgraeber when you need him?
Risk of going bust is NEVER noise. Think before tweeting statistical buzzwords as I block such pple.
This works, I think. The second part is just out of love for engineering functions. pic.twitter.com/wlJVY4JhMr
The first function is the Hyperfactorial. Is there such a thing as a declining hyperfactorial?
The R1a is present in Northern Iraq/Syria as well (along with J2), which explains the looks of Ezidis, Assyrians, and Kurds (pple of Mosul) pic.twitter.com/0lNKgRwnIH
Found it. I wrote the CDF for the PDF in text, but derivations are correct. pic.twitter.com/GZjNRxRHyC
You in London?
Corn used to refer to all grains. Corn is now short for maize= mais in French, which came to the old world after the 16th C
Kazakhstan is a country of DOERS; very refreshing to see. Astana has in no time mushroomed out of the Eurasian steppe. Runs like Singapore!
Yes, it is colored with squid ink. The real thing is when you cook it in the ink.
Mike, no, no, no. These are aquid ink colored noodles... Don't fall into the trap.
Particularly nitpicking a tweet when I have 400 pages of looking WHERE  theoretical science matters. I block nitpickers.
Probability du Jour. Maestro @CutTheKnotMath proposed a great probability problem (conventional convolutions fail because of dependence) pic.twitter.com/Y0A7QNN2fj
Voila, details to follow if necessary. pic.twitter.com/1JuVcrE0iA
Same as Armenia. Safer than many big cities.
as well as n=-11, but we ignore for now. @mikeandallie
Using Gamma functions as shortcuts for engineers! pic.twitter.com/UdD70kZweu
Gad? You are not from the "Middle" East,  but Near East, that is Mediterranean genetics. Try another ID.
Dinner: Carpaccio of horse meat, & horse fat. The Steppe fighters kept a ketogenic diet which allowed them to fast for days w/o fatigue.
Back up is not confirmatory, just eliminative.
The point they miss is that a metaphor, like a heuristic, is never there for random reason: if its hosts survive, it has to be useful.
So the odds are 0.494949 vs 0.5050505...
OK, sorry, read too fast. pic.twitter.com/8YBISdOiql
And this counts as a formal proof via brute force, not probabilistic but doing all permutations pic.twitter.com/G6BXPoK6so
even + even = even even + odd = odd odd+ even  = odd odd+ odd  = even so 50-50
No
Here is the derivation. I skipped a few steps of probability transformations; can add if needed. pic.twitter.com/EHdzrLB60f
Just worked your case it on plane. The ratio for your case gives a power law with tail alpha 1. Infinite mean. Very very intuitive!
It is a modification to the problem that gives interesting results.
Typo pic.twitter.com/3b2BpdlO6u
Depends on definition, the ratio max/min looks infinite. pic.twitter.com/B5EW6cicSk
I gave 3 answers to the first Q, depends on phrasing. On my way to Kazakhstan so will work on rest. pic.twitter.com/jGzq9Erb4C
No, you can move from state to state, & that's the key.
For EVT, use tail dependence.
No, fucking idiot, 150 years is not a single observation, and there are 100s of other missions w/same result.
Not quite because we know the proba of Asteroids and can do analyses against other thin tails. Poisson is not fattailed
Science isn't what's right/wrong. It is what you can backup using a certain method. Applying science outside is "scientism", a fraud. #GMOs
yes but in @AlanDersh 's case I doubt it. He is too far to the left.
Sweden is small. Talking about absolute size.
The difference is one has been fired by POTUS, not the other one.
A scaling property: the larger the state, the more disproportionately powerful the state-within-the-state (a.k.a. deep state).
The sucker overestimates the value of secret information when the important stuff is that huge elephant in front if us all.
Fatty liver comes from fructose!
So how did you get to this post since you're not following me? And how about your post LYING abt my position on homeopathy?
In 19th C converting was not punishable by death: many politicians took the religion of their constituents (Shehabs, Hashem, etc.)
THEY said it.
Have you looked into what "missionaries" do in their mission?
150 y ago protestant missionaries started ~AUB in Beirut. They converted exactly 0 Sunnis, only Greek-Orth pple. Preaching does not work.
2) With economists or BS vendors, it is simply out of disgust for trolls. Like your troll friend who lied abt my work.
1) With Monsanto, the minute their search engine detects a keyword, they rush together, confusing your feed for others. Blocking prevents.
Blocking lists are necessary when you have enemies who gang up, spontaneously or via lobbyists.  My lists: Monsanto, Jihadis, econ/BSvendors
BTW Monsanto sent 1500 letters to NYU, including the president asking to dismiss me. Told them to fuckoff.
I also block people who talk about finance without trading (economists/B School professors), but only when they use my handle.
I systematically block BS vendors, and often their friends.
Result leads to proof, as I kept saying all week, not the reverse! Tinkering!
Yes, loglog plot
Data for Lebanon is for Syria.
2) Second Possibility yields  f[x]= \frac{1}{1+k x}, k >=0 Previous is special case of k=0.
So you are nitpicking between "incense" and "frankincense"... or is there something deeper to your comment?
Fatty meat tastes much better, for a reason.
No egg white.
And minimum protein. Mostly fat.
All plants, except in residual way. No wheat.
But it makes sense to do opposite during Orthodox lent
Day 8 for me with ZERO carbs.
1)W/o assmption continuity,bt w/f(0)=1, f(x)=f(x/2) f(1/2 x f(x/2)) f(x/n)=f(x/(2 n)) f(1/(2 n) x f(x/(2 n))) We end up w/ f(x)=1 forall x
f[x]=1 for all x in R+.
Assuming continous, etc.
So we can't say f[0]=1, but limit from above lim x->0 f[x]=1, no?
Do you define R+ as including or not including 0?
Other argument: f convex hence min for x=y
Passes >0 for x=1
Via calculus. Works? (No train ride without these pbs) pic.twitter.com/mtFLPmWXQR
I speak like a Varvarian
Philology du jour: Livanos in Greek (frankincense) comes from olibanum, from Hebrew: לבונה [levona] => the white.
Lorenzo is attending our seminar, for which maestro Alexander Bogomolny has a permanent invitation.
Great to meet in person!
Glitch in Mathematica
Thank you, Vinny Squats.
Some correction. There appears to be an identity, which solves the problem. @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/mOgSyqkNBP
Last step was expansion not am-gm. Did hm-am which is smaller
I wonder if @CutTheKnotMath has it.
Voila! pic.twitter.com/w9aYz77ekE
@VergilDen
If someone's insults' bother you; it is evidence that you respect him.
Gambino vs Luchese
We are in the middle of discussing it at RWRI. Transition probabilities are sensitive to estimation error.
Fughedabout GDP. Lookatreserves.
RWRI day 3. 55 participants. Raphael will start confusing them with poly probability models. pic.twitter.com/CLzPglfFeH
The true story about Qatar is money when badly needed: They have a tiny fraction of the population of KSA with ~same financial reserves.
I see what's confusing. I looked for k:the inequality holds via f inside a band w/boundaries defined by Df=0. Will rewrite.
I illustrate here how the inequality holds for k in the range [-1,2], otherwise fails, for a,b,c on the real line. pic.twitter.com/56bLfrRvJA
Voila, using optimization tricks. pic.twitter.com/QJdyTOVUcW
yes cases 3 and 4 are same as 2 and 1.
By brute force pic.twitter.com/DGNwzH3ZM8
Aside from not being knowledgeable & talking abt thing he knows nothing abt , I despise Ritholtz for a more compelling reason:  ingratitude.
Mike, tail risk from allien invasion (Poisson) is not the same as tail risk from a fat-tailed distribution.  Poisson is thin-tailed.
Squats!
You see, if I said you were clueless, it was not without a reason.
Again,cCould you tell us which PRECISE class/textbook taught you the properties of extremes? Extreme Value Theory for subexp class?
You are either deluded or a liar. Show me which probability class taught subexponential/fat tails 15 y ago. Likely to be both!
Fucking idiot how many terror attacks past 5 years were Shia?
Imbecile. You know NOTHING about probability.
This graph is BS. Terrorism is fattailed. Journalistic bullshit. Ignore then, Mike.
Probability du jour: a crisp demarcation betw thin and fat tails via max entropy. pic.twitter.com/88IYxe4oqQ
The only hope I have is from seeing that the summands are positive regardless of signs of {a,b,c}
The point is not they like or don't like  mathematics, rather understand that it's not all talk (tawk) an pseudostatistics.
What he is saying here is what about every Shiite in Lebanon has been saying openly.
Yes Shiites think like Westerners when it comes to Jihadis.
The best explanation of the British Airways debacle by Gene Callahan. #Antifragile pic.twitter.com/yWA3l4cVGh
I did this meanwhile. pic.twitter.com/4iwFMCv5Vf
I think this works. We solved 2 inequalities. pic.twitter.com/eauiumjqbL
Michele, the point is that you ONLY get to be independent IF you hate a salary, and it is not necessarily with FU money, but artisanal...
What dat?
Quite close.
The reason genetic distance A⇿B shd not be symmetric (as is diff entropy): How much info to make a Frenchman out of a Greek ≠ Reverse
Maybe I should add the following lemma: pic.twitter.com/QwTcfZx31o
No better way to start the weekend than proving an inequality (entailing convexity) by Alexander Bogomolny. pic.twitter.com/9jCjFd3q9H
The problem isn't being on a salary. The problem is enjoying it.
A monarchy without citizens?
Mr Alsulami, how many people do you think you can fool?
Had none
The most pleasant phase is when the book suddenly starts to look like a book. You hold the MS as one & smooth it out pic.twitter.com/N4OXBe8ZNl
Kullback-Leibner differential entropy. It is the main informational measure for distance.
Obvious (distracted). Redoing the other side.
Yes I can flip the inequality by chen to the other side, still tight. Will revert.
Meaning, cher ami, you have practically no common ancestry with the "Middle East".
The proper way is use ( not [.
Jumping from 15th floor is just the same thing as taking the stairs, "just a bit quicker"? GMOs NOT same category as progressive tinkering
sin(x) <= x is not tight enough.
There may be a shortcut, but here it is via an interesting tight inequality for cot(x). pic.twitter.com/ZSkVPXovUa
Dietwald Clauss is hired by a PR firm to counter every comment on GMOs, demonize skeptics. He tried to infiltrate a picnic. Just Block.
I did for Christians in Lebanon, low J1, high J2 Looking into J1e granularity.
No pic.twitter.com/iW2tUeKPH5
This solves the puzzle: French connection isn't from crusaders (cross-entropy mito<haplo) but Neolithic/Bronze Age Eurasian migration pic.twitter.com/atrlLCdEoQ
Why confirms a neolithic migration down from the balkans
TK
Watch out the Barbarians are sending trolls with fake Western names to troll us here.
Right, noticed, but didn't see the measure in the population genetics papers.
Main diff is that Greek Orthodox usually Western Aramaic speakers while Maronites speak Eastern Aramaic (Western Syriac)
Also it looks like the Levant was settled with Northerners before Akkadian invasion (few men), hence diff mito-haplo, even for Muslims.
Yes Salibi is BS
Yes on the Y chromosome
You are hired.
I don't have data for Italy and pple Northern Iraq looks Mediterranean
french stayed 20 y as a remote mandate, no settlements. There had been a "Franj" presence after the Crusades, though, with "echelles" cities
Also Phoenicians were men so there is a bias Mito vs X Chromosomes
Phoenicians are to Cathage what the Turkmen are to Turkey
The French link is from the Crusades. As to Cyprus, it is closer on the Y chromosomes.
We need Iran and Turkey
Genetic distance for Lebanese using differential entropy on mitocondrial DNA using @PZalloua 's data. GoodPlaneride pic.twitter.com/4VCeTxksos
throat
It doesn't mean that these at the top have 50% of the wealth (about 100 million for 50%) but that they have more than the bottom 50%
How about a combination 3 days St Julien, 3 days Vail?
Found something interesting attributed to drawdowns, from the works of @financequant Robert Frey modelled PTV & found no change historically pic.twitter.com/1Bp5uqGiiN
No, it is nonsense,  "base rate"method  highly unrigorous.
My BBQ minitalk tom. in NY (frm plane) on why it is error to use historical returns w/o extrapolating beyond maxima e.g.@WGoetzmann et al. pic.twitter.com/wLMndmzzux
Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder v/s Messy: The Power of Disorder to Transform Our Lives @TimHarford (w/o attribution)
Does Boulder have a resort/vacation feel to it?
The opposite: people who get tenure are the submissive ones.
Saddest thing abt the Weinstein affair: he has to specify that he is "on the left", as if it were a requirement to express an opinion.
People will always game the system but math is harder; engineering/medicine are hardest.
Most "humanities" profs have minimal erudition; they spent their time studying THEORIES made by other profs. Universities killed humanities
That WAS when humanities profs were erudites, not gender studies BS vendors.
Fucking idiot what makes you know what I didn't study?
"Study the classics" and "study the classics under academics" selected via "papers" are two different things.
Most humanities as taught in colleges are BS. My only academic association is with an engineering school.
No, it is misattributed causality; correlation is not spurious.
Descartes => All roots same sign, Hence AM-GM.
What do you mean by Aspen, leadville?
He is not in book, of course.
Vieta!
Flaneuring is urban.
Friends, a question. What's the most representative vacation place in Colorado for hiking/flaneuring/eating?
Zalloua @PZalloua has the data (they ised some of it). We shd meet as we can read history in the genes better than in texts.
See Yaneer @yaneerbaryam work: better fences make better neighbors.
When @Nigel_Farage told EuroMPs: "None of you had a proper job", they didn't get it. To get it, you need to have to make a P/L, not a salary
Was
You can get cheaper copies
Every sesterce.
It was in jest but 538 is not data science, more like mRketed BS.
With @sez_dss in a pastry store in Amioun. Owner told us that I looked like the Black Swan author who lives in America. "Maybe a little bit"
This is the bullshit you've learned from imbecile social studies profs. The Phoenicians ARE the West.
Probability theory (my translation) : 3lm el i7timal from same root, I7tamala= guessed, mu7tamal = probable
Mu7tamal = probable
Lebanese maltified as per your request?
"Never give weapons to a fool. You may harm him and harm others."
Esseleḣ bi'id elḱara byijraḣ (about arm sales)
The Ottoman Empire is the continuation of the Byzantine one. Little more.
I can mail text in original
Voila pic.twitter.com/C9qxJXL8vQ
Voila. Thanks! pic.twitter.com/UUz6l2iUjO
Le probleme est qu'il y trop de choses a mettre dans le prologue.
Interventionistas: Nothing worse than dogs playing wolves pic.twitter.com/NvuKTtqdkO
Historians are usually bullshitters.
In the US was initially retirement age, 65 (almost tautologically). Then pple started living longer.
There is nothing more bewildering than dogs claiming to be wolves. pic.twitter.com/gzEtnyqpxi
Indeed! Northern Iraq, Gozarto and Tur Abdin.
Jim, indeed there is a problem but the fellow misdefines "elderly" and "poor"for cheap sensationalism. Elderly: ~ 80-90 y.o. in parlance
Also, this leads to an interesting inequality somehow similar to Schur's. pic.twitter.com/FdUBVNaoy0
You get blocked for supply of anecdotes here. Kapish?
You are a scientist. Either read the book or do a wholesale analysis of contributions. Then disagree. & scientist !=university. Kapish?
So he defines "elderly" as a category that is old, but not... old?  Find a person between 2 thresholds: old but not old, poor but not poor.
In Lebanon, everyone I meet is thrilled abt @realDonaldTrump "stripping" the Saudis & asking me "why didn't he make a stop in Qatar"?
You want me to CENSOR someone on twitter because of his political opinions? Blocking you.
A lot of what we call "research" goes to... Real Estate developers.
maybe 7%
3 month rolling window +- recent events
Bulgars are actually nonSlavs, but Turanians (sort of), minority language dominated.
My greatest mistake.
Close: Anatolian possibility
6 Maronites are indigenous of Mount Leb, religion migrated not pple (investigating oth groups) 7 Languages travel independent of genes
4 Arabs did not settle in the coastal Levant 5 Data shows distinction between Canaanites & Hebrews, doesn't contradict Biblical claims
1 Phoenicians aren't the "pple of the sea" 2 North Levant genetics heavily Greco-Iranian 3 Myth of Europa backed by Levant-Greek migrations
Science gives us a real map of roots, better than BS laden history (Salibi) or the fake-science called linguistics. 7 Myths abt Levant
Zalloua has 12K DNA samples, largest DB for Phoenicia. He just hired me as his data scientist for the Levant Project (unaware of my temper). pic.twitter.com/9pG7C5FpUV
BTW Fooled by Randomness was self-edited.
Indo -Aryan via Anatolia & Greek islands
Like UK in 1980s? Turkey? BTPs in 70s-90s? Tessobonos? Greece pre Euro? Venz? Mexico? How abt Zinbabwe? Do you ever think before tweeing?
Fixed! pic.twitter.com/Rq2lkxdKaW
Working on it
Roman soldiers brought J2 to England.
The argument for federalism pic.twitter.com/8AkBClYZAi
A bit more from the North, only half Mediterraneans.
Evidence from Koura shows that genes of Christians are Greco-Anatolian. More TK Also Phoenicians & Assyrians were not "Semitic" by DNA, pic.twitter.com/4C6NL4vvLq
Maybe they misdefined "Middle Eastern" to mean Anatolian, etc. Middle East != Near East  Mediterranean). Meeting @PZalloua tomorrow.
Yes, assumptions shd require >1 (or !=1)) pic.twitter.com/N6BrwQgsdW
95% of "Arab" Christians are not Arabs. We are showing that neither Arab blood, nor culture, nor language.
Convinced that we need a,b,c>1 because any of variables =1 are indeterminate. Log base 1 is either indet or 0, which would blow up \Omega
Here is the derivation for a,b,c>1, thanks to a plane ride to Northern Phoenicia pic.twitter.com/edB6S67N5G
My feeling is that the assumptions need to specify a,b,c>1 (then AM-GM works) \Omega for a=.12, b=.15,c=1.14 is negative.
Fucking idiot you don't get that military targets != and a factor of 1000 to 1 terrorist incidents?
Hopefully it will help convince the administration it's not Putin-Assad-Iran-Catherine the Great but Wahhabi grown stuff.
On a plane w/o Wifi, will post later. I think 9/2.
It is rational to use the unused consnnt.
On my way to Northern Phoenicia to work on final draft of #SkinInTheGame  Planted ~300 olive trees. pic.twitter.com/UxS2RmlNAJ
It is not "slang" and I am not Saxid Xa'l
Narcisism of small differences.  Typically it is the dialect of the "upper class" that becomes the language...
Identical. There are a lot of Maltese in Leb, and vice-versa. Many common families (Saliba, Abella, etc.) My maternal ancestors are Saliba
La'anno fi kilmet bil ṫ w bil ż w bil ḋ ma bitbayyin maxkun bi tari'tkun. Bass nazzel el font w bitcuf cu ahyan
Isocrates' Dynamic #SkinInTheGame  Conduct yourself toward your parents as you would have your children conduct themselves toward you
Yes, done!
Buying tails and buying vol are not the same thing
I despise Bill Nye. Despise.
By the same fake-generalization, BS vendors try to portray the public as being "anti-expert" instead of being anti BS vendors.
In his book DEBT. Meanwhile, David, can you unblock Maximilian? He is an upright citizen.
Did A, now need to go to gym. pic.twitter.com/m5sKqpZZsE
Electric car sales are 1% total so far WorldWide. Think that the limitation is not demand, but supply. Go to 5-6% and see the fireworks.
No Sunday should go without an inequality solved. pic.twitter.com/ZjBQVUMu18
But the main accomplishment of @realDonaldTrump's trip is to rally his detractors against Saudi Barbaria.  Now recite: "Delenda Wahabistan".
Citing @davidgraeber  on how Goldman Sachs is communist from within pic.twitter.com/9oflQxZwao
Thanks!
+ How much do cars represent of total demand for oil (not energy, oil)? Thx
No, max is x1=x2=..xn.= 1/Sqrt[n]
The Saudis make @realDonaldTrump feel he is a king, while Washington & West make him feel he doesn't belong. He now owes them something.
Interesting reading by Mercier and Sperber. "Smart", i.e. SocietHarvardified pple are just better at explaining their hallucinations. pic.twitter.com/5JUYHvtjeY
n+1 pic.twitter.com/IkAUViQrDs
On plane back to NY. Next time will post earlier!
Follow today @CutTheKnotMath if you are remotely into math.
Nothing like a visual solution to a seemingly intractable problem. pic.twitter.com/evkzTAdVgR
This Harry is a rough draft of the idea: if proba is stochastic then dollar payoffs have a bias. But I want to redu calculations. pic.twitter.com/INJoAjUTJR
Not if proba is stochastic
Excellent! But the expectation is no longer ... will send derivarion
I am in Las Vegas. I am told that what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. Now does that apply to calories?  (My friends are asking.)
A twist for Holder's Ineq. pic.twitter.com/EZZzFJLj5q
Las Vegas: mostly prediabetic men in shorts. (#3)
Wayn?
Mistake of problem-inverse problem: you can always overfit varying finite moments to a fat tailed process with no moments.  Any process.
There is no such thing as "the" libertarian position, except for some foundational matters. There are a lot of libertarian positions.
Drezner may be not to my taste, but he is an academic and not a shill like Kloor. Monstanto trying to drag innocent pple into this.
Ramatuelle = Ramat El
How do I know that Gardner coauthor of @PTetlock is total charlatan? Charlatans engage in BS & strawman arguments. We considered homicide pic.twitter.com/50rR6GFl9X
Marcelle, Salibi is BS.
Worth the trip!
Only if you have the right J2 subclade.
Note that this charlatan Gardner doesn't know that statistically  homicide+violence frm war= violence frm war:  thintail + fattail= fattail.
I get the same with others (high correlation in downmoves) but if you point to any other index, I can redo the diagnostics.
Simple method showing SP500 is incompatible with anything but powerlaw tail. Left tail exponent between 2.2 and 2.8 pic.twitter.com/Gsy4rSUGV6
Bingo Charles! But the exponent in finance is ~2.7 so finite moments. Here it is .6, about 100 times more fat tailed!
Why don't you take the subset of people drowning? Violence is a aggregate. Imbecile you shd not engage on twitter. Now I can block you again
Less is more. (Nimium allercando veritas amittitur -Pul. Syr.)
I wrote history jumps (FatTails), not continuous (Wiener) process. Charlatan Gardner cherrypicks to crime rate at 1 scale,not total violence
Also data points are separated by 20 years, so even then hard to see at a human scale.
Also he missed that wars are where violence lies >> crime. He is very ignorant.
Completing and fixing more errors meanwhile
Bruno Leoni's Deontic Libertarianism!  @amingardi
Gad doesn't know that I would say Yes
Napoleon won *almost* every battle but lost the war.
Freedom is never free. It requires risk taking. #Skininthegame pic.twitter.com/Zg5H73ptxW
Mr Kloor, I'm sure that Dan Drezner wouldn't be excited to discover he associated w/an unethical shill w/Monsanto agenda just to spite me.
It's the arbitrage boundary.
No. Rationality is in not trading against yourself, violating axioms etc.
Go slowly. Very slowly.
Fixed some errors pic.twitter.com/I9TZvstQbQ
One can use option algebra to prove Hlawka's inequality. A note after a problem by Maestro Bogomolny (@CutTheKnotMath) pic.twitter.com/MIJKK6IUkW
Agree but 1) data is PUBLIC (we just processed it), 2) We FUNDED it, 3) we're still working, 4) the guy is in bad faith 5) We want Audit
2) Drezner boy you have never done science so stay in your WP world and don't lecture on stat procedures.
Drezner boy before you usual BS outside your field, ask. We want to have data AUDITED but not by someone both ignorant & in bad faith.
You get blocked for writing unrigorous crap like this. Remove my handle.
So consumer preferences shd not exist?
So we shd accept repressive, Islamocentric, backward-minded Christianophobic Arabism instead?
Well functioning markets REQUIRE absence of monopolies. Monopolies are often the result of government cronies/patronage
Haha
Clarissa Ward is a bullshit vendor by any known metric, Max. Nothing to read from her.  @EHSANI22
Any suggestion?
Fake virtue, how socialits tend to not have skin in their game, how Hillary abuses household staff, etc. pic.twitter.com/eUQav4opeN
J'espere que l'edition francaise l'aidera pour la lutte contre les pseudo-intellectuels.  2018
The Semitic week starts on Sunday. Sabat <-Sab3a the 7th day.
What I define as "an assistant" is someone not hired for a specific task (say a plumber, a typesetter), but more general one. Kapish?
The theory except for VNM does not require cardinal preferences. My problem with VNM is in proba not utility. Foundations more robust!
And the paper was ~2 pages!
Which restaurant?
Meaning derivatives for VNM for risk gambles.
You are not using cardinal for measuring, rather for the shape of the distribution. You don't need to know it under Revealed Preferences
No, no.
Mathematization only requires consistency not objectivity. Check Revealed preferences.
Revenge isn't just revenge. It's a deterrent.
Resisting Globalization, it turns out, is NOT against economic theory/decision making. Just look at the axioms/foundations. pic.twitter.com/SDTgy4iMuF
Grrrrreat advice I got: have no assistant. pic.twitter.com/yPcNoraAzn
"H ratio" minimizes variance of citations across publications. It institutionalizes mediocrity. Better max citations from little work.
Carl, when someone says 'there are flaws" w/o showing WHICH flaws, there are no flaws, just BS. Kapish?
2) Donald Geman, the most cited mathematician say that anything beyond 20 papers is a negative. Per lifetime!
No, what I meant is volume.  God wrote only one book. So did Montaigne. Einstein only a few papers.  I merged all my books in ONE (Incerto).
I thought you would want the MINIMAL H-index conditional on citations. More in line with signaling. High impact with minimum work.
In the presence of conflicting narratives, I resort to @RonPaul as there is not one fake bone in his body.
"Rational" has never been defined in the way people think...
BS Alert: The sentence "underlining a growing credibility crisis for the administration" can be put on anything any time. I despise journos.
Last time.
Squid ink pic.twitter.com/kOVTwQCQl5
It is easier to fool someone perceived as "intelligent" than a doorman. Just use abstract words in your argument.
"Intelligent" Ivy-league people (those exam-taking idiots, IYIs) are structurally selected for finding patterns, not doubting them.
Conspiracy theorizing reflects minds evolved enough to see patterns, but insufficiently to prune out the spurious. #FooledbyRandomness
Fucking idiot it is the SAME genes.
Year end picture & class party w students of my class at School of Engineering NYU @nyutandon pic.twitter.com/kAK2E6cF81
Don't trust it
Standing press (clean and press without the clean).
Friends, what is the press equivalent to deadlifting 400lb?
 pic.twitter.com/r2gI908Nkr
Exactly! It is not Phoenician but Arabic, close enough. gh = 3, etc.
Same as Knossos
Don't!
This is NOT about tit-for-tat. Look at the proposer responder games papers. More generous offers but refuses low offers.
Corrected typos pic.twitter.com/hRUnADCV9k
The skinny-fat warmonger is something new in history. Opening the discussion for my evo friends @johndurant @primalpoly @GadSaad pic.twitter.com/dnlSI3c12P
Nothing directly to do with f*** you money. Robustness.
If you worry about your reputation you don't deserve to have one.
Seymour Hersch
You shd relax that modernistic discourse. W. Syrians wanted nothing to do with Semitic language, wrote new testament in Greek.
Term Eurocentric is inapplicable. It was the LOCAL population that wanted to Hellenize. Phoenicians were genetically ~as Roman soldiers (J2)
Nontraders & bureaucrats are under the illusion that if demand ↓1% price ↓1%. In fact demand ↓1% can cause (in squeezes) ↓50%! Kapish?
3-5
ISIS
How long before Saudi Barbaria undergoes a deep economic crisis, become literally bust? All it takes is demand for oil to drop by 5-12%.
Mr Shahbandar, Arab bullshit vendors w/o scholarly credentials who shill for a living are ALSO fragile in their reputation.  Kapish?
No
Close enough in censuring not Islamic or Arab related.
Said Akl tried and failed... maybe the zeitgeist
There are a lot of sounds in Spanish that vary according to prior knowledge: g->gh, etc.
They are ignored. The Z doesn't exist in Levantine.
It is used on Facebook by millennials! 3ayn, 7et, 2aleph, 5af, Ghayn
I am
J2 Haplogroup
I have been lobbying for this.
After 2 minutes, very very easy.
They do as we saw J2 Levant -> Cretans and Etruscans @PZalloua
lezem!
In 1960s, Cyprus, Lebanon & Malta had similar wealth, genes & culture. Cyprus & Malta embraced the West. Lebanon tried "Arabism".  Disaster.
Si, poco
IYIs, Intellectuals Yet Idiots, favor things that work in theory but not in practice to things that work in practice but not in theory.
No, imbecile; the market decides.
Something rings strange w/the wage gap: someone has to be an imbecile to overpay for gender when corps profitability lies in the last penny.
Why people who deadlift /clean-press should have a pseudo-belly for stability: thin waistline is obtained artificially via machines. pic.twitter.com/H4VMLY9eyl
Mitanni were IndoEuropeans.  Spec:  + Mitanni were J2 + Assyrians and Phoenicians descend from Mitanni who took on Semitic lang. @PZalloua pic.twitter.com/nTEv2toRUI
Was not deleted
Are you being attacked by the antimalists chauvinists?
That's Salibi's bullshit.  Looks like it was limited to Damascus.
Not so certain he was a Banu-Ghassan
French history textbooks hype up Napoleon's "Egyptology", do not mention that he attempted to destroy ALL ruins of Granada.
So either Ghassanids converted to Islam or they weren't of J1 Haplogroup to start with.
You imagine for a second that I do not know to discern info from noise/anecdote? Why don't you fuck off lecture someone else?
Friends, there are claims that politicians on the "right" are much more personable & friendly to staff than those on "left".  Any data/refs?
It is counterproductive to say the truth when it doesn't fit you? You are a fraud, at EVERY level.
Then wrote his diatribe...
Nobody is saying we shouldn't learn about Napoleon. Except he should not be whitewashed. Kapish?
Unconditional antifragility of information: it thrives from all visible attempts at suppression.  Neofascists (libs, "left") don't get it.
Different Doctorow!
What the fuck makes you believe it came from Napoleon?
Heuristic: for international transactions, AVOID forum in country w/Napoleon's code civil in favor of Anglo-style law. HK, SG, US... Kapish?
He killed ~500,000 able men, an entire generation, in the Grand Armée.
Code civil was started by Cambaceres WAY before Napoleon. And it was effectively done by Justinian a millennia before.
If you can make the French believe that a despot, Napoleon,can strengthen the "Revolution" w/an Imperial family, you can sell them anything!
Maestro, here is Jensen's Inequality pic.twitter.com/uNjDf8rxwF
Aside from that, elections are NOT similar. Le Pen is not Trump, but a professional politician.
Voila Transforming to get Lagrange multiplier pic.twitter.com/qOSdfVeXBO
Alas not this time!
Vega is not delta of gamma, it is the integral of gamma.
Take a hair from the beast.
Litigation sets examples and future standards. It is the best investment.
Cory Doctorow @doctorow has been actively & knowlingly misrepresenting & trying to spead fake news about my position on homeopathy.
If you disagree, please show a NO arbitrage model in continous time that differs from this result. Otherwise don't post shit like that.
~ zero,  because I will react to humiliate the journo.
Gitanos should be able to teach us a few things about flaneuring, survival, & soul in the music.
I attended a thing in a cave.
How about the group in the preceding tweet?
I observed the gypsies at Mirador de San Nicolas in Granada for 2 days. Are they authentic?
The idiot thinks that credibility comes from style not rigor
Friends, looking for reliable accounts on Spanish gypsies, one that is not written by some English or Cultural Studies professor.
Explain in one tweet why I shd care.
A government run by professionals is like a form or a trading house run by back office &support people. But firms go bust, govs expand.
Then deadlift before tweeting. It will make your mind more rigorous.
I thought they had IQ standards in military.  1)You need to let read comment before blocking  2)I don't just write tweets; tw != analysis
Just wrote the central comment of Skin in the Game:  Systems learn by removing parts. pic.twitter.com/YalzjWcJut
Monbiot, you are a fucking idiot. A dangerous idiot.  I am first unfollowing; will block later.
Garbage
Don't complain too loud about wrongs done to you; you may give ideas to your less imaginative enemies. The Bed of Procrustes
Maimonides, Medical Aphorisms (Heuristics): the young can afford to overeat, the elder should watch his quantities. He found it in Galen. pic.twitter.com/966sk527At
It is vastly more honorable to get rich THEN go to office than go to office THEREFORE get rich.
(cont) Which sums up to: "You, and only you, know what's best for you."
Also: Non v 'e piu bel messo che se stesso  On ne trouve jamais meilleur messager que soi-meme Pretty much the foundation of #Libertarianism
Motto of #SkinintheGame & Liberty  "Your fingernail can best scratch your itch"  Non scabat caput praeter unges tuo ما بحكك الا ظفرك in1614! pic.twitter.com/p96k7jHiHi
I mean people to people not institutions. Like merchants buying from suppliers, customer buying from grocer... as in Ottoman times!
And no Hebrew...no history...
Exactly: genius is not erudition
You can download and print... hard to find
Too cruel a punishment
Zenobius was the collector of Greek adages before Erasmus the paroemegraphor
Zenobius?
This said he learned math at 26 then invented calculus
We was smart but not even close
Ordering it!
BTW I/ve been reading your papers and probability & evidence ARE your subject. Impressive depth.
You are right. I missed that here but I discuss with NGOs elsewhere.
The Cretan diet is fiction. @GuruAnaerobic @drjasonfung pic.twitter.com/FJmBR8BAJC
No, it is ethnic, so retricted.
There are v. few Algerian Jihadis in ISIS, many from France. Tunisia is a country in trouble. pic.twitter.com/ZuIKwmh4sR
Forgot to add your book... actually the footnote was from 2013!
On the "big data" idiotic approaches, not on genetics. Why is why I need good filtering/inverse problems.
I am trying to figure out statistical inverse problems of genes spreading, the most potent evidence.
You bet!
@saifedean a Libertarian Palestinian, has similar comments.
The Palestinian-Israeli conflict perpetuated by people "who are trying to help". #SkinintheGame pic.twitter.com/SAyzKaZ3wt
3) If Macron is elected, we will need to protect Algeria from France and its French-grown Jihadis.
Yes, she does partially.
NonKapish. I thought that nobody knows exactly how and when the emperor died for he was dressed as a regular soldier.
No, like too much type 2 error.
No, it comes from desensitization and informational confusion.
Or, better, no breakfast.
Never explain why something important is important.
When a principle is strong and (you feel) imperative, everything you do to justify it or rationalize it makes it weaker. Everything.
That's behind Amioun.
Convexity arguments pic.twitter.com/Aik20Z3Ux7
I meant lifting your maximum load requires a great deal of concentration (particularly if you live in New York).
A lot of the distinctions are political, not distance based. Consider the diff between Norwegian and Swedish, or Ukrainian and Polish.
To echo Yogi Berra, almost all of weightlifting is mental. Only the other half is physical.
It is a language. Sorry, but it is.
More squid ink. pic.twitter.com/U1zsQhuvF1
Me too; it is worth checking
Now Stephen, you need to start the procedure to change your name.
You guessed right.
El libro de mi amigo Tom Holand @holland_tom pic.twitter.com/U1pzG6iekb
Travel Heuristic: In a v. touristy town, if a rstrant is overbooked, show up in nice jacket & Italian-looking shoes & you will get a table.
C-S not tight enough, kid.
Just to confirm, "in the plane" means two dimensions?
No
You mean technology? Not Scientism
No
Globalistidiots assume that pple are only paid in money, not the pride & belonging seeing the community consume their products & vice versa.
Thanks! Could not find the recording.
Macron? Do you think I am crazy?
Globalism has the effect of separating some people a step too far from the fruits of their actions. #skininthegame pic.twitter.com/5jQktncGj9
Too metrified
to be robust
But he appears that he knows to calm down and shift focus, like a good boy.
Paula @schmittpaula a little reminder to Kloor boy that he is monitored/ investigated does wonders to calm him down, as he knows it's by me.
I am surprised nobody recognized Doyne Farmer & his types from Antifragile. They made Fat Tony rich pic.twitter.com/grCI8XTZa2
Philip II to the Spartans: You should submit because IF my armies invade you I will destroy, slay your pple, & raze your city Spartans: "If"
Doesn't work with the fragile... and not in the ethical domain
Correspondence...
One of those low-IQ shills disguized as  journalist is keith kloor @keithkloor. Shame.
Imbecile, Semites are Caucasian.
Skin in the game does not imply unlimited liability. Just means SOME punishment.
I am now about where Halevy wrote this.
Halevy לִבִּי בְמִזְרָח וְאָנֹכִי בְּסוֹף מַעֲרָב
"Mr Taleb,I don't always agree w/you,but.." Me:"Can you 1st tell me what you disagree with,sthing concrete?" "I'll get back to you on that"
Dor, Dawr = round, turn,
More mysteries: almodovar, frm Medawar (round), does not come frm Arabic (mustadir), bt Aramaic, cd predate Arabs w/ Phoen or Jewish root.
You mean "standard deviation" became standard...
More explanations pic.twitter.com/CwIbYK09EA
I used option language because this is exactly an Iron butterfly. pic.twitter.com/7UErfodMjS
Mystery almost solved! May have to do with Aljamiado! (transcription by Mozarabs) Discovered the ج is "ch", the  غ "gue". pic.twitter.com/j5jiutcWOp
Voila. Sunday afternoons are dull without a proof. pic.twitter.com/t34Pvek6e8
Of course polls will be consitent with polls...
These are EXIT polls. Not counts. Kapish?
Galopar with g. But "a ghalopar" with ghayn. Mysteriously, also the "r" in Portuguese when in beginning as in Rua or Rio.
The lawsuit ag. Monsanto has released TONS of documents, which will help us clean up & make some shills accountable.
Not so much the problem as the deception & bullying of scientists for which they have to pay.
Some interesting docs betw Monsanto shills including fake journo @keithkloor & Folta on how to discredit dissenting scientists @schmittpaula
I am older!
Paula you are debating Folta, a Monsanto shill and liar who keeps lying about studies beeing done.
In military. Outside, the softer "a fini".
The "ad hominem fallacy" is a fallacy. Science is CREDIBILITY & reliability, as in court. Once, like Folta, you lose it, you NEVER recover.
This is similar to "est présent" in a roll call, talking about yourself.
ungrammatical.
No, this is the proper form; strangely, "j'ai voté" is less humble than "a voté".
Also had Kevin Folta professionally commented on our paper, he wd have shown a point.  But he is an unethical shill who just lies.
Not true, remember Kevin Folta is a liar. I have ~3x his citations & it's unethical to gerrymander. & he unprofessionally ignores coauthors.
All my life I've never held someone to be a fraud then found out he was legit; but I've made the opposite mistake (Nate Silver,Pinker boy..)
Finally pic.twitter.com/DZWzu381rv
The results of my exploration. Madrid is a good city for squid inkers ! pic.twitter.com/nxnNT9ozpk
Why should you trust the assessment of a liar like Kevin Folta?
Any restaurant in central Madrid that does both squid ink and tapsas?
Thanks a million
Lying Folta uses such arguments.
Which one is closer to the center?
OK then. Fine by me.
I don't discuss anything with liars, Mr Folta.
Hi, with honor but please give me a few hours for final version. Getting on a plane.
Dear friends, what are the best  squid ink restaurants in  Madrid Seville  Granada? Thanks!
Like assisting Monsanto with their lobbying for the Dark Act? Or how to hide truth from citizens? Who are you fooling?
Ignore the plagiarism. Interventionism is a more serious violation.
Friends, what was Fareed Zakaria's approach to interventionism? Libya, Iraq, etc.? I saw him congratulating Prez Trump on the tomahawks
My book in progress. It is an argument to use L1 in place of  L2
Here is my take. The fatter the tails (more extremes), the greater the diff L1-L2 pic.twitter.com/fL1mGQFJqV
Any maximum.
This is a very consequential problem for probability: what does the difference between L1 and L2 norms tell us about the dist of maxima.
I am broadening to the IYI class
21 ans!
Beware false analogies: A politician can engage in propaganda/advocacy; newspapers that do so are no longer in the news business. Kapish?
Strange. There are no cows in the coastal Levant (too mountainous), and they can't make it in the desert. So had to be Mesopotemia.
What are you calling Middle East, David?
Me:"Would you like red or white wine?" Rippetoe: "White wine is for salad dressing". I  drink only white wine.
J1 is Semitic
J2 is  Indo-European.
Historical enigma du jour: Golden Calf. Phoenicians & Assyrians were J2 Haplogroup, IndoEuropeans w/bull worship. Israelites were partly J2. pic.twitter.com/txRrShqvBU
Me: Are there many people who look thin? Rip: Thin people aren't fit.
Rippetoe @CoachRippetoe menacing, extremely critical of my form and my lack of lifting shoes. pic.twitter.com/4mWHxbzx3G
Thanks, need to reverse a few
I blocked that troll, Paula, writing nonsense abt Hegel.
You caught my trick. I remove for the 2nd edition.
The full introduction pic.twitter.com/6TBG5mGn6n
Finally got to the introduction of Skin in the Game: how does the same Silver rule bust bullshit & install justice? pic.twitter.com/XbWMfSKySt
Serially, not cross-sectionally. In other words, cycling.
I speculate that no gym machine can raise one's BPM (beats per minute) more than sprinting outside, particularly uphill. True?
This is an approach, but I need to go do taxes... pic.twitter.com/XUKKlxldPh
Sorry, misread, thought that 1<= a_i<= 6 not 1<=i<=6. Redoing.
I took the difference.
Explain to me why you think that, having sold >4 m books, I care abt the opinion of a 2nd rate nonmathematical economist in Cyprus.
Are you trying hard to be circular or are you tired? If a minority rule requires NO change, than it is NOT a minority rule Whatsyourproblem?
Today, The Black Swan turns 10 years old.  (Fooled by Randomness is ~16 y.o., Procrustes ~7, and Antifragile ~5)
Worse, my ears!
Deadlift degraded big time could be adjustment but will see if bounces higher.
Rule I've learned today. After 47 vegan days (with v. few exceptions), do not overeat fatty lamb.
Thanks! But I for myself only drank tap water out of principle.
 pic.twitter.com/vJ0mCPdNhT
Lamb after 47 days pic.twitter.com/JW7FzETLqA
Julian
Lindy!
When I say fuclk-off, I mean fuck-off.
fuck off.
Yes, but defanged so they stop messing in other people's affairs.
Screw pairing. Drink what you like.
Maestro, I blocked this troll: I block all trolls and often all their friends.
"Intellectual elite"= people selected ability to get: 1 statics, not dynamics 2 actions, not interactions 3 low, not high dimensionality.
Most of depletion was last 5 years. Sorry.
How about 'called "Al-Hakim" or "Hakham"
Nothing like an integral on a long flight, particularly to confuse passengers sitting next to you. pic.twitter.com/wImV6EqJHs
Borin Johnson has all the shortcomings attributed to Trump by his detractors & none of the qualities assumed by his followers.
Voila: the expectation isn't a problem except that it becomes positive in a set of measure 0. pic.twitter.com/OOm4DNrOgl
It's in expectation. Not pathwise.
Thanks Tom, I will be there in September
Question: one has two thin green horizontal stripes, the other a thick longitudinal smear.
We can even have @ole_b_peters on the thread.
Done!
Minsk pic.twitter.com/fPKrpowi97
Paula have you seen many children without... mothers? And that was Nusra.
The worst part of the story is the ongoing smear campaign against the UAL victim, to attenuate their mistreatment.
Think tankers & journos are usually low IQ, intell. insecure & living in financial insecurity. They only attack those who cannot harm them.
You don't know what you are talking about.
To those who aren't traders YET discuss UAL's "billions in losses" in valuation. The market move today is TOTALLY within noise. pic.twitter.com/LUZXX7KnQ9
Imbecile, please look up the definition "acting against one's interest".  @MilenaRodban
@EHSANI22 What do you say?
Pour elle, peut etre... Je ne sais pas.
2) To those IYI idiots w/cost-free virtue signaling, I have 6 Syrian refugees on my property in Lebanon.  Without #Skininthegame, shut up.
Not at all
Did @realDonaldTrump betray his constituency by taking a neocon fragilista interventionist approach to regime change, or is it just noise?
Instead of increasing the $$, United opted to forcibly remove a passenger. They fughotaboud markets. Do they deserve punishment by markets?
Tell us about the next one, please!
Only slightly unorthodox pic.twitter.com/NuVoPZqiFm
You mean couldn't have, no?
Cher Jean, Je suis désolé pour le sort des Coptes et ce qui s'est passé hier.
Strange. Would they grant transit visas on the spot?
I have 350 emails from translators to reply to...
NonKapish
Mispelled Violent. Otherwise may I use?
Americans don't need a visa, no?
Exactly I translated for the text!
Unlike Copts: Shiites, Leb Christians, Alawites & Druze are armed to the teeth They know NO Sunni gov can really protect them #SkinintheGame
Is there synchrony? Are they both AFTER the strike?
Happy Palm Sunday to all.
Where you, today?
From reactions of "libertarians" to Syrian strikes: they view + The state as the main agent of war + War as main pretense for state powers.
So I too fell for the Tophet baby-killermsmear campaign ag Phoenicians! Children cemeteries were because of ... simple children mortality pic.twitter.com/jRzSC1RxfR
The most ancient smear campaign is the "baby killer", used against Punic & Canaanites (only partly justifiable w/the tophet). #LindyEffect
2) Note: Social media: a) distributes images of children b) unlike MSM doesn't filter WHICH children to show.  This may help peace. Maybe.
At its best a poor plagiarization of my QF paper with Douady on model error metric, less clear and even less sophisticated.
Wrong link.
Some people deadlift half a ton. It should be easy to just lift the rear off the floor.
2nd order effects:  Once you make policy based on PICTURES of children victims, ALL parties will now produce pictures of children.  Kapish?
Now 3-5%, Syriacs less.
Homs children are Muslim but not really... brown.
Not so fast... Something to consider. Egyptians are saying 4 children,5 adults died. Retaliate for death of children by...killing children? pic.twitter.com/dVBLqhpqZ7
Apparently they spared the runway (2 fighter jets took off today). "Drole de guerre" (phony war). Donaldo playing MSM & libs like a violin. pic.twitter.com/SfvD819J6p
How do you pronounce Prosciuto Capicoli? Prozhut Gabagool
In Galabrez in New York they still use the old accent
Squid ink in a diluted sauce w/ tomato pic.twitter.com/HrFotSMdGd
Conspiracy theorists: For the record, I will transit in Moscow airport new week on way to a conference in a neighboring country.
So far 10s of thousands with no effect.
The strike has ~0 military impact. Russians were informed & Syrians could clear area.  All it says: no Chem Weapons even if it wasn't you.
Media pple of 2017 In Hammurabi's code, ~3750 y. ago, a false accusation was punished as if the accuser committed the crime. Be careful.
I would block that imbecile.
I disagree with use of probability, but at least there is a comprehensive reasoning on one place.
DD can be the limit of many trig functions such as Sin[k n x]/Sin[ k x]. What I had, the inv funct, was a DD as integral was invariant to n
4) Worrisome: IF Assad has all to lose from such an act AND it happened, THEN he may have lost control of some of his troups.
From what I understand from Laurent Schwartz, a distribution is a way to turn the Dirac D Function into a proper function.
As a researcher I cannot possibly support a given party or person 100%. Never unconditional support. I support policies, never factions.
3) On the other hand, IF the story is true, THEN some action is needed.
There is Laurent Schwartz's short thingy in French. And in Kolmogorov and Fomin, great discussion as these were initially Sobolev's
2) Historically blood libels against Jews have taken same shape: generalized hysteria on stories of children kidnapped & drained of blood
2 weeks late
In Kalabrez and Sicilian I often hear b as jn U besh for gli pesce
A book on Measure theory... Let me look.
Very very unorthodox but it works pic.twitter.com/QVrRhxCTom
The Susan Rice Affair:  1) Today, unlike in 1970, EVERYTHING government officials do leaves indelible traces 2) They are likely to forget it
Slight mistake thta dpesn't matter for m=0: mad should be \int \sqrt{(x-m)^2} dx
Syria: Are people reacting to the pictures of children or from EVIDENCE? The more potent the pictures, the less you question the evidence.
As you can see, I got this from HIS feed. pic.twitter.com/s7lvHNE638
Note that 2/4 is 4/2 in US. Kapish?
2) The only person I know who is both famous & technically superior is Mathematica's Stephen @Wolfram Not an academic. Never met Gell-Mann
Give me 3-4 days to sort out Kelly
Probability Du Jour: The border between thin tails & fat tails resides in exponential distribution. Maximum entropy under MAD constraint. pic.twitter.com/cAXWRqVzS9
This is how the Fat Tails book looks like pic.twitter.com/7ybHj56YFX
I can give you the drafts of my book with @DrCirillo if you like.
I've stopped reading him.
No, but it sort of applies to Olympic-style weightlifting and math.
You need to be a deadlifter (or Olympic weightlifter s.a. snatch) to understand how weightlifters view others who don't deadlift. Kapish?
Blocked him for "wildcard" criticism.
2) I understand Tillerson was not a risk-taking entrepreneur, but executive is better, much better than bureaucrat. Kapish?
4) Paranoia has a statistical analog: Akaike & similar, the ratio of complexity/overparametrization of the fitted function to # data points.
Because you're a confused idiot to think that the "firm" is based on this & that all information behind my claims is available to you.
I only scorn those who do bodyparts
imbecile, 25 miles is an extreme distance?
325. That bar is 50
4 reps pic.twitter.com/EgWG8PzgOg
WHO is using chemical weapons? Where did you get this from? Kasparov?
2) Actually there is a heuristic, my days: "A good chess player makes a sharp trader. An excellent chess player makes a dumb trader."
Fucking idiot I live near the Syrian border & AlQaeda would behead me if they came.
2) As @ArmandDAngour can confirm, "Be antifragile or die" is "Vale" in Latin, means also "hello" or "goodbye" @goc9000
2) And #SkinintheGame has not been even completed yet!
Watching #SkinintheGame & #Antifragile leading to firm policy, the dismantlement of the Soviet-Harvard/Thaler-Sunstein IYI machinery in DC. pic.twitter.com/eqoKoh5sq9
m not what i meant. Even for science
3) Wrote inThe Black Swan (Narrative Fallacy chapter)how paranoid people could concoct the most elaborate narrative from minimum facts.
2) There is a vast logical gap between suspicion based on specific fact & accusation from ZERO information.
Current critique of IQ is that it doesn't measure socio-emotional, dancing intelligence... Nonsense. IQ doesn't capture 2nd order reasoning.
Academic measures of IQ are bogus (too 1st order) But one's output on Russian conspiracy/Trump is an excellent measure of intelligence. #IYI
Zoon Logikon => Thinking animal. Logos. The Arab translators used "mantiq"=>"natiq" i.e. capable of formulating sentences.
@Partisangirl Ignore. I blocked him.
Trying to read a paper. Which is LESS guilty of fake news (WMD-Iraq, Russo-showers), etc.? Ignore pol orientation, just record w/fake-news.
Klington
No, the saying is: if A causes B and A causes C, you will observe *nonspurious* correlation between B and C but no causation. Kapish?
If I always eat tuna, I deplete tuna. Intransitivity will force switches.
6) Even coherence is loosely defined in decision theory: You are NOT incoherent if your preferences change when information not identical.
What you are saying is nonsensical. I see colors in place of frequencies. Is it a bias? No, unless there is lack of coherence of objects.
5) Antifragile: how intransitivity of preferences (Prefer A to B, B to C,  C to A): randomization protects from depletion of resources
McNamara who does mathematical biology reported many violations of transitivity in nature.
4) Word "rationality" is not Lindy Proof. It was born with probal/decision theory. Ancients had "wisdom","prudence", sophrosyne, phronesis.
3) Many people misinterpret "rationality" in economic theory. It means just coherence.
2) If a cognitive "bias" is helpful, it is not a bias. There is NO theory of rationality that makes superstitions & religion irrational.
1)Result from 3 d discussing rationality in Bielefeld: no theory of rationality cares about decisions, only consequences Gigerenzer, Binmore pic.twitter.com/Hpf2yJiPYw
I block sophists. Sorry.
Government shouldn't be into dietary guidelines. Once they get a mistake in (as with carbs, HF corn sugar & salt), they cannot get it out.
Yes, they coincide in blue.
We can see it much better in 2D hyperplane pic.twitter.com/Am49ini3Uk
Tangent, for sure. pic.twitter.com/co7d48sCrV
You know that behavioral economics fail to get ergodicity in their experiment.
.@CutTheKnotMath The graphical representation. A picture is worth 1024 words. pic.twitter.com/VIpfWd3ets
Varies depends on sub population but not significant difference
.@ArmandDAngour  Suis la elle te fuit Fuis la elle te suit  (Version moderne)
typo:?I mean minus.
Actually upon checking by shortcut might be an April fools day because the Cosh(.)!=0.
Nice trick the terms after exp =0 so you can add to any result.
(Cont) pic.twitter.com/iG3csbYaFJ
Fat Tony vs Socrates, a Platonic dialogue pic.twitter.com/XipZZtaJZr
I have been trying to crack the ab+bc+ca=3 & being yelled at late to the Squid Ink restaurant.
.@nntaleb (testing) It is like drama that amplifies through transmission.
So J1 is 60-90% in Southern Iraq, <10% for Assyrians today.
They were invaded by Babylonians; Assyrians today are J2, sometimes ~Armenians/Georgians/Persians. Suspicion:  they got language not genes.
You good, you. Very good. @PZalloua would confirm a DNA/History match
You have an old version. I need to recompile.
99% confidence
It is NOT in the genes of current population. Critically it was not in the genes of Phoenicians.
Palestinians and Houran Syrians are related to Jews and Arabs.
From @PZalloua's genetic evidence, story emerges Assyrians & Phoenicians were "Indo-Europeans" w/Semitic lang (but not Babylnns/Chaldeans).
Mixing Iterated Exp and variance : V(X)= E[X^2]+E[X]^2 and E[E[X|Y]=E[X]
Corrected a typo. pic.twitter.com/ZeRbppECj1
Correct but the rest is right... It was just mis-copying
One proof a day keeps the philosophasters away. pic.twitter.com/GyrNuvJPZp
Fake experts, s.a. economists & political "scientists", genuinely believe that when they are wrong, they are wrong in very smart ways.
I blocked that idiot repeating Pinker nonsense.
Great way to see it.  By limits. Here is what I did but Alexandru is even easier. Do 100%. pic.twitter.com/GZWDp7ONam
"Experts don't mind being told they are wrong, provided they are shown to be wrong for complex reasons." Bielefeld Festschrift, Ken Bilmore.
One reason we think the past was more violent than reality is because historians like to discuss wars, not peace.
You won't. She will be paid anyway to do her own.
Thanks Maestro. Will cite.
Please share when done!
Watch out, another translator is at work for the entire book.
9) footnote: If you are outraged by a behavior, never tolerate IYIs who reduce such things to personal fights. Outrage has a social purpose.
You will be blocked for sophistry. It has nothing to do w/a personal dispute but civil values. Kapish?  Can't stand sophistry.
I don't give a fuck about being sued.
8) Some precedent & philosophical background. We live in large anonymous communities, brought back to natural conditions by the web. pic.twitter.com/PuuviNrFXS
I did that
PSA actually reacts a bit to benign hyperplasia; it was a statistical error that launched its use.
7) So the idea is to find the moral balance between not exposing him & exposing him, like type 1 and 2 errors in statistics.
PSA is not as connected to cancer as initially thought, there is a deeper statistical mistake in it.
Yes I buy Dave Mandl that there is a disproportionate effect.
Great point. Symmetry (skin in the game) means you accept to be equally penalized if you committed the same violation @JosephJayMFG
6) On the other hand there is a moral obligation to protect weak people riding home after a long day from assholes like him.
5) The only moral problem I have to clarify: he didn't know who I was, the # of followers, that he could be identified & mobbed & shamed.
4) When I threatened to take his photo he said: "go ahead".
3) When I asked him to be quiet "& considerate" for the sake of the rest of passengers he said it was "not forbidden" to use cell.
More info: 1)He was chatting for 30min, no emergency 2) People who use cell phones usually go to the side by the exit door & are brief.
There is an inconsiderate man on Metro North is loud on his cell phone  in some Scandinavian language & refuses to stop. Took photo.
The difference between private and public is a matter of scale as much as it is a matter of incentive.
thanks. What do you mean by Hebrew diff?
Back to New York: Lindy Effect. pic.twitter.com/BBVw4WBtJF
Except for categorical imperatives @primalpoly
Genius is the side effect of madness, rather than the reverse.
Saif, you have some courage. Tech>>Science
Doesn't look like it.
The question is about path dependence.
ha! path dependence!
NonKapish. What did I say?
Reminds me of "com-padre" (compere,compare) which in Mafia American became the Kalabrez "Gumba".
"incompericlity" "uncompericlity" "nonpericlity" "inpericlity" Powerful idea!
My final tweet for #IRMA2017. I thank Indian friends for the warm hospitality and their appetite for rigor in risk management. pic.twitter.com/4vGu7fprGr
We just found a new word in Engl: Compericlity! & its opposite wd be Sin]periclity, for unshared risks? Better?
Thanks Maestro! Can we anglicize to compericlity?
Found it in Koine (Syrian-Greek), so it works! pic.twitter.com/8hnIUd8RDA
Modern Greek pronunciation would be like sinkindinevo or fo?
Did you ever encounter it?
My error at the end is this so didn't see which was lower or upper. Lazy on a 20 hour trip back from India. pic.twitter.com/f9EJxWgH9W
Final. pic.twitter.com/QaKOxqfO52
OK, will rewrite. Was lazy so solved for Equality lhs-rhs by mathematica.
So I did not know which was was the bound (lazy)
Du Jour #SkinintheGame  συγκινδυνεύω= to share danger together. In Plato, thanks to @faleflix. Found in Lucian's Ass. Latin: simul pericleo? pic.twitter.com/zu5YPtwGUF
I bought your book BECAUSE of the fierceness of his negative review. @holland_tom
.@holland_tom If true, this confirms he is an ethical asshole. He trashed you BECAUSE you preempted his thesis, not because you were wrong.
So, in other words, what *you* were saying?
Will redo and post with comment on why no need to square.
Solution via Gruss' inequality @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/3hl0nI9RdN
You bet I did.
.@_khaaan Harassment with random comments is NOT scientific criticism.
He will make it public
No, wrong on the details!
This can be interesting I should adapt it on the plane ride back. Gruss' Inequality pic.twitter.com/VjqNLHvuTf
Here is the challenge pic.twitter.com/Gx4lPvn4gM
corrected... found something different... jetlag
If not monotone, some inequality can be proved by partitioning [a,b] into monotone regions since all will have LHS>=RHS
Will this lower bound work? pic.twitter.com/yhGhtf24q3
THis is great! Will revert
A book is something that can be read ten years after publication. A real book, twenty. Otherwise it is a magazine report with bookbinding.
where dis?
I don't look at proofs there before doing mine; like looking at the solution takes the fun out.
Page 59, Schweitzer's inequality (plus versions by Kantorovich + Polya), but without proof.
Luckily I saw Schneinder's inequality, but w/o the proof so I will need to redo it. Proof is in 1912 in Hungarian, no web
Can we use theorems from this? pic.twitter.com/j07xtDXNTq
The Intellectual Yet Idiot in History. Antiphanes.  From @sentantiq pic.twitter.com/Gmw9e84WDa
of course ok
The most convincing explanation for Brexit and FurtherExits: A "Caprese Schnitzel", i.e., with mozzarella, in Bielefeld Germany.
I mean for extreme weights, everything is trained, less so for intermediate ones.
As a heuristic, exercises are domain specific; less so for full-body ones.
Sorry I meant G1(2)>=G2(2), etc.
Got sidetracked by an interesting expansion pic.twitter.com/wi9VtD74Ot
OK, OK, as an eyewitness, Bielefeld does exist.
He is a good guy.
That's exactly what I am saying.
Charles, "incidental" in intel is the equivalent of "accidental" in the mafia.   (Some can be just random, others less so. @ctrzcinka )
Going straight to Mumbai.
Comey said very few things.   @Theudegisklos @jstillman1960
How many times have you gone out on a romantic date with ...yourself?
Maybe set up by Qatar @uuLIq
This is another Jensen. Will format tonight.
@MaxAbrahms Bravo Max! But not a more intelligent/ rigorous forum than Foreign Affairs?
What are A() and G()?
I never eat halal.
This is the core of Antifragile: Jensen @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/KBz7WsxrgX
Not yet! How about you?
2) Bielefeld: a Russian conspiracy, perhaps. All that will be clear to me tomorrow afternoon.
Yes, which is why you may need to reinject skininthegame by penalizing relatives
If someone finds fault with everything you say or do, ignore.  But there is information from those who differ on the occasion.
No, @adviceforbernie Bolton is mental.
No claim about expectation; kapish?
If you do not take risks for your ideas you are nothing. Nothing. pic.twitter.com/9htuSEageI
And fighting with pro-Salafi Nadim in, of all places, an Iranian restaurant @Confusezeus @yaneerbaryam @IbrahimWarde
You need to think "why would he shake hands, THEN refrain from doing so?" Unless he was distracted.
Some charity. He was spaced out.
To my Iranian friends, happy Nowruz and best wishes on this rebirth, regeneration, and renewal, of nature.
Cheating with Lagrange manual KKT @vejaocentro @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/Hq8n2jNtNy
I tried... pic.twitter.com/8zzgkHtiJ3
When Derman says unacceptable, he means OK. It is when he accepts that you need to worry.
Tried to solve via calculus. Is it accepted? pic.twitter.com/RwN9DbsUIv
Many respond w/o knowing what aphorism/paradox/YogiBerrism/Sarcasm mean.  I usually auto-Mute bt is it fair for them to Block so they know?
Except to their children...
Aphorisms are strengthened by exceptions. But I wouldn't know: I don't read my books.
From comments I am getting for (2), the notion of *paradox* appears to be foreign to IYIs. So is that of the application of *aphorisms*.
Thanks everyone for the generosity & answers. So looks like  3 days in Seville, 2 in Granada, 1 in Cordoba  (this trip)
No
So was his relaxed, calm, bon-vivant attitude.
Not what I meant: his love of food was an inspiration behind one of my characters.
He died of ruptured aorta. Like Fat Tony!
(Note to those IYIs who can't get it: things you wouldn't read as a book you can read as articles, or, better, summaries).
Dostoyevski was NOT a journalist. I don't read Hemingway.
9) Never read a book if you don't expect to be surprised by something in it, while reading it.
8) Never read a book if you know what you are getting out of it.
6) Never read a textbook as if you were reading a book  7) Never read a textbook in the sequence prescribed by the author(s)
4) Never read a book written by a journalist  5) Never read a book if you understand the table of contents
1) Never read a book that can be adequately summarized  2) Never read a book you would not reread  3) No book that can be shortened survives
Breakfast in NOT Lindy. Came after working the fields.
Friends what is the best 6-day allocation in Andalucia better than 33% Cordoba, 33% Granada, 33% Seville?
Sorry misread "breaks down".
Only if the mean exists, E[X]<+\infty. Hence the theorem excludes cases such as Cauchy from assumptions. @alxpr1c3
May I use it freely? Is it yours?
Not confirmation, just polling bias. But not really as enemies overreact & spread.
. @saifedean Hence my following tweet about the State department. If they take a year off, Israel-Palestine is solved by itself.
If we forced policymakers of the State Department to take a year off (take painting & pottery classes), the effect on worldwide peace:
She is a public figure. Kapish?
Dismantle the metastatic administrative state.  Defang the Obamist bureaucrato-academic-nudging class. Make America #Antifragile Again!
@nickgiIlepsie was just pulling Nick's leg.  He probably meant  economic thinking.
Vahid, you live in Persia?
We name areas by land mass: Africa, Europe... More natural to name by water mass: North-Atlantic, Mediterranean, Red Sea,Arabian Sea, Baltic
Thanks for the votes. Another option: calling wconomics &other unsocial science "The Empty Profession"? & econ books "Empty Science"?
See comments on their blog.
I keep saying many of the pictures from the Syrian war were fake, supplied by Qatari PR firms. This one wen a bit far. pic.twitter.com/OCuN4M8Ojw
How should be calling the economics "profession"?
Daily shd be irrelevant because they have different types of noise.
Missed that! I wonder if we replaced ∩ with ∪ what we get.
Great! But correlation for changes in TRL vs mentions of Fasc/Naz? Take "windows"  (nonoverlapping) of >1m, prefer 1y. Thanks!
The reason is that Crook expanded around x0=0, intead of integrating across all values of the range.
Haha. "Roman Stoics" were a different brand (practical), explained in the book. You shorten your life reading idiots on Amazon.
Found something interesting to approximate the error function pic.twitter.com/lXiTieqUMl
Terms for the heinous s.a. "Nazi","racist","Hitler" get debased/corrupted over time,similar to the historical debasement of coins/currencies
Where I am discovering that "fort" comes frm "courageous" not "strong" or: courage & strength were close terms.
The francophile in me would opt for fortis, fortitudo, no?
Actually we also have earlier: qan in Akkadian for "forge".
I will from now on call economists "the wrongest profession", w/attribution. @schmittpaula
Found it! In NorthWest Levantine/Ugaritic. Pre-Aramaic. Now I can go to work. pic.twitter.com/YeFCy0sQaH
Looks like Iound it: without the yod. pic.twitter.com/FIeYSxC9yF
Anyway I will know a lot more soon: pic.twitter.com/mA8v5Jp19R
Strangely Costaz has it coming from Greek. pic.twitter.com/3x2WtQaeaq
You forget: using our gene, J2 Haplogroup! @Zalloua
I really don't know.
Thing I learned today. From this sign: 1) Georgian script is written left to right. 2) Unlike Semitic scr it has explicit vowels. pic.twitter.com/Xj4z9oBjHE
For your book to be read in 20y, make sure content is 1) important for people today, 2) was also important 20 y ago. #Lindy @CutTheKnotMath
I read the attachment without noticing the top part and thought that it was something I would write myself.
The continuous & severe secular devaluation of the Turkish lira (USD-TRL) maps one-to-one to the devaluation of the terms "nazi" & "fascist"
Interesting the "c" is hard, as qof in Aramaic/Hebr: kkruentis pic.twitter.com/PV2iZvcIZY
The argument is that they know they can be harmed by price fixing as they may lose a job/ not get one.  @spencerrs34
Where?
2) Those affected by a minimum wage are those who earn currently below it and risk losing a job.  Markets are Markets.
Skin in the Game: Let the unemployed & those earning below some threshold decide on minimum wage, not some virtue signaling bureaucrat.
8) One has to unlearn comparing probabilistic situations w/functions using "average" except under mean-field  #Antifragile & @yaneerbaryam
Mr Josh Barro, @jbarro do you have any other expertise than selling BS?
7) I put "IQ" in "" as I don't believe that measured IQ includes ability to tinker aggressively, real IQ for me. #GreenLumber #AntiFragile
The more in the tails, the less the mean matters.
6) A more technical discussion from scratchpad: Why the Tail is a different business, the more we go in the tails, the less the mean counts. pic.twitter.com/ufvpkJmEGL
You want ME to read a book by an economist? Why the torture?
5) In fact I simplified a bit. Popul. success depends on distribution of tails, Extr. Value Distribution.  Discussed in book w/ @DrCirillo
4) This threshold phenomena is NECESSARY in the presence of winner-take-all in scientific & economic success  (s. a. Pareto 80/20).
3) I wd fight w/baseball bat for @charlesmurray 's right of speech, but this central flaw was missed by his idiotic detractors. #middleburry
2) This in short explains why linking IQ to success for populations is total nonsense in the presence of nonlinearity. pic.twitter.com/sMeLFdWWlx
1) Assuming "IQ" helps success; the performance of a population would depend >>more on the variance than average. (convexity, #Antifragile)
@mikeandallie  There may be a mistake in the approximation of the first paper pic.twitter.com/oywAw4njil
"First, do no harm" is Lindy-compatible (2500 y.o.) @normonics @GuruAnaerobic
greeaaaaaaaaaaat
An alternative is to find the expectation of this stochastic process. pic.twitter.com/UztVU3lv3X
Fouad Ephrem Boustany, a Christian Lebanese scholar, once said: Arabs don't know their own language.
tari5 al3alam aljadid vs tari5 jadid lil3alam. More elegant:  tari5 7adith
Peter it is mistranslated. "History of the New World" for "New History of the World".
Who is still reading you, I may ask? @NoceraBV
Olive oil, etc. @startupdaemon
Oddity du jour: Constantinople, unlike Rome (& Antioch, Alexandria,& Athens) doesn't have a Mediterranean climate.
The formal difference between press & propaganda is unconditional & indiscriminate detraction or unconditional & indiscriminate support.
Some arbitraged: non-citizens would sell themselves as slaves, then buy their freedom & get green card.
Thanks a million!
The rule is:  Use "BUT" as a logical operator, not to seek protection from  consequences of your opinion.  Kapish? @learnfromerror
Ms Polckwich, my suggestion would be to get another one.
"He is tall BUT weak" is OK. "I am NOT xxxx BUT ..." is a different form.
Typical wussiness: "I do not support Trump, but..." "I support Obama, but..." "I don't always agree w/this *egomaniac* Taleb, but..."
3) In Antifragile, I explain that if the condition is mild, IGNORE doctor (grandmother is to distract). If severe, go to doctor. @SawsaGa
2) In medicine & tech domains, there are grounds to ignore the grandmother.  In what relates to human nature (psychology), Lindy. @SawsaGa
1) There is a bias: grandmothers' iatrogenics are seen, not those of medicine. I will be making a tableau.  @SawsaGa
Not his OWN.
Si
Pareto on the Intellectual Yet Idiots why they make bad rulers @Maximilian_H1 pic.twitter.com/GkzUxLj2u3
"Mis." stand for "misattributed to". What did you think it represented? @rsjanabasis
"I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to death your RIGHT to say it"(mis.Voltaire) but if you use violence to repress MY right...
it's yours! Mais je vous prie d'utiliser mon nom complet. Ciao
He put Guns Germs and Steel and Naomi Klein's book justiably in "fiction".
I can fool people
Almost raw!
2) These idiots from CNN didn't get the point. pic.twitter.com/I1VTaTdK1Y
Representation of the inequality @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/zDzvqiO9g5
You mean Leb Christians, Shiites (to some extent).
I think there are more intelligent remarks than the ones you have made.
BTW Shekel means weight in Semitic ("te2el" in Levantine).
Clearer pic.twitter.com/LBPjfVMp5g
Different angles: Proof that a picture is worth 1024 equations @CutTheKnotMath @Taitamco pic.twitter.com/UuUw1GAQZc
In 3 D we see (-1,-1,-1) and (4,4,4) pic.twitter.com/OM2gVU7VKF
Non lo so
Whaaat? what was it about?
Indeed! He looked like a prosperous German accountant.
Not there yet but found some interesting bounds via explorations. pic.twitter.com/8hZHvHmZ2b
3) Had anyone asked me if I met with a RUssian official, my answer would have been flatly "NO".
2) He sat 3 seats down, partook of conversation but I didn't focus on who he was. You only know when pple remind you of it (he just died)
Meeting w/Russian Ambassadors w/o being aware: Just discovered I had dinner w/the late UN Russian amb in NY, Oct 24 w/o realizing. No plot.
Many stories... I picked the poisoned cake.
OK,OK, will add a few steps. The Orthodox fast (too many carbs) makes one lazy.
.@ottorosseforp @PZalloua To the contrary. Means STATISTICALLY  "there is NO definition of Phoenician THAT matches tribes w/J1". Kapish?
Thanks! pic.twitter.com/2wYIz6zD9g
Not same class of evidence as Jews did not disperse in an organized way like Phenicians.
Phenician expansion in Med, 1 mill BC did not export J1 gene, so there is evidence population was not Semitic.  @ottorosseforp @PZalloua
There is within the Arabian Peninsula.
Kohanim were! And we can prove that Hebrews are diff from Canaanites.
J1 correlates with Semitic genes, does not equate with them. But absence indicates non-Semitic population @PZalloua
1) Way to see our theory that Phoenicians, Assyrians & N Caananites were not Semites: J2, J2a (light Green) v/s J1 (dark Gr) @PZalloua pic.twitter.com/t9w3IYRByg
I am saying this because oil is permitted in Antioch but not Moscow.
I understand, but is it all branches of Orthodoxy?
La peau dans le jeu, non?
Skin in the game, almost finished pic.twitter.com/6sEm1JDeWg
Kris, I have a question. Are all Orthodox allowed shellfish during lent? How about squid? Squid ink. Thanks.
Fake news tricks: NYT distorts my words, making it look as if I (not them) made an association w/"shame". @realDonaldTrump is right. pic.twitter.com/NlQc94Q4zC
Adult Math olympiads @MoMath1 pic.twitter.com/Wymyi54AgV
Typo: log(x+\epsilon/2)
A quant/engineering approach. @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/hRPjkQXgq6
Levantine roots, Part 2 (plus some grammar) @PZalloua pic.twitter.com/8MlhoF1sU9
Levantine roots, Part 1. @PZalloua pic.twitter.com/IvkkvtO472
For those into Orthodox lent, this is the Greek calendar. @ektrit @sustain05 @nanexllc pic.twitter.com/R3REBPaDFb
Reality TV is not acting: you are not impersonating someone else.
Nero was slandered w/he performed as "actor" which was the worst possible thing a Roman could do.  @robby_red @fidempor @SnappyIsSoHappy
Procopius was discovered much later. Dispensation was because actress.
Justinian had to get a special permission to marry Theodora because she was actress & daughter of actress @fidempor @SnappyIsSoHappy
Kapish is not from italian capisci but from the Kalabrez Kapish. Kapish? @BJ_Lancaster @bat8bat8 @SantiagoPombo
Imbecile, a generalization is ALL not MOST or "usually". Kapish?@SantiagoPombo
Actors are usually not very bright people; they don't know how to act like actors.
Simple rule: When you see "conditional" in science, exclude all subsets that fail to meet the condition. @badral @DrHasanAlam @hayfarani
Not a big deal but they don't seem to realize that they don't know probability.
Can't believe doctors can be argumentative & fail to see the diff between conditional & unconditional probability @DrHasanAlam @hayfarani
OK, this is the final. Thanks a million! pic.twitter.com/mOB0iRDYxK
I guess "convex" means convex in [a,b] just making sure.
for g to stay convex in the interval.
Monotone second derivative I mean.
A picture is worth a thousand integrals. @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/57RrjajhHi
OK, OK, heading to the gym!
Thanks @CutTheKnotMath for training the clarity of mathematical thinking. It is like weightlifting for the mind. pic.twitter.com/6ZQBtJ3Twn
As they say: 1) vaut l'arret, 2) vaut le detour, 3) vaut le voyage. Given it is (3), let's schedule!
Now what's left is to correct your wine/host experience with someting Lucullan in Oxford, hopefully w @peterfrankopan
Voila, sort of pic.twitter.com/Zx2Jx1JMQY
it sis also in the math
.@DrHasanAlam @colorfulfool he is clueless doesn't get your question in particular or controlled variable in general
Indeed that's the real weak point: that people can exploit costly inverse signaling.
Thanks, will update tomorrow morning. There is another inequality.
You visibly aren't grasping the point.Substance may correlate w/style, but CONDITIONAL on same record removes correl @DrHasanAlam @hayfarani
You didn't understand the text. Read again & look up "conditional" (everything else equ). Then think. Then tweet. @DrHasanAlam @hayfarani
If A<B, B>C, A not necessarily <C; needs additional.
Unless you can pinpoint what is "exaggerated", BS
His representation of the future contradicts risk/Lindy
@PZalloua Hihi. Questions: 1) Which subclades correspond to the Phenicians? 2) Lebanese Greeks & Greeks Greeks? pic.twitter.com/4EvY0fovrR
IYI^2
Just realized Constantine was blocked by accident. Sorry.
Different plumbing! But fits the heartbeat theory.
Coming from you...
How about NonAerobic athletes?
We can visualize the solution obtained via calculus (optimization). @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/DABxf8JaJP
Not 60 yet.
They only matter if they are new, hence outside the past track record.
Mr @ianbremmer please take students and visa-immigrants (former students whi stayed)  from sample and show us results.
no
which part of the "conditional" you're not grasping?
Friends, thanks for the votes. Here is the passage from Skin In the Game. Business Plans shd not look like Business Plans pic.twitter.com/c105qZNbOY
Precisely: as self-righteous imbeciles like Tatchell spreads fake numbers they become consensus @PeterTatchell @lecaester @GreenRupertRead
I am starting to collaborate w/ Zalloua (I do stats) saw some raw data. More later.
A lot of crusader genes spread across ethnic groups, esp. in North.
1) Maronites & Greek-Orthodox diff history, 2) distance from Greeks & Armenians small
Most sincere condolences. Ad vitam aeternam.
Facts: 1) The press is free. 2) Media is acting as propaganda. Now explain analogies to Hitler/Fascism that don't lead to reverse. #Idiots
Δεν πιστευω.  The fork was first in Sennacherib's palace, ~7C BC.
Who's paper? link?
Where is the paper?
Focus on Jensen's inequality for now and you will see why 2nd order is the major one.
SILENT RISK, metaprobability
For those into stochastic volatility, a result (maybe for book with @DrCirillo) pic.twitter.com/cwl50EpBy6
Fucking idiot, you mean the nonviolent AlQaeda? @PeterTatchell @Darius1296 @GreenRupertRead
Locally.
The good news is that the 2nd order effect is the strongest summary, locally convex or concave 97% of info.  @normonics @YanKan_
A deeper view of Antifragility:primacy of n-th order effects, all these (Asymmetry, convexity) are from nonlinearity=2nd+ deriv.  @YanKan_
Libs can't get #Antifragile as they think in 1st order. Exmpls: to them⬆️min wage ⬆️income; ⬆️comfort ⬆️ health;⬇️ variation ⬆️stability;
These numbers are Bullshit why is @GreenRupertRead retweeting?
Schools have "trading" competitions. W/o enough risk/skin in the game, incentive is to shoot for Probability not Exp. The WORST trader wins.
Yes, comes out.
I can kapish uproar ag. one suggesting pedophilia. But where is the reaction ag. salafascist preachers who condone it? TwoFaced PseudoLibs!
2nd route: Rearrangement  a > b > c aa + bb + cc >= all other combinations ordered differently, s.a. ab+bc...
Sqrt[x^2 y^2] <= ½ (x^2+ y^2) Sqrt[y^2 z^2] <= ½ (y^2+ z^2) ... x y + y z + z x <= x^2 +y^2 +z^2
To teach someone a real skill, teach him how to take risk & fail. He will never learn this in school. No nonrisktaker can ever teach it. v 2
Exactly. Competition isn't real life. No risk entailed. Will revise the aphorism.
If you want to teach someone a real skill, teach him how to fail. He will never learn it in school.
USA
Fuck off. Is this impolite enough for you?
I did 90% of those since 2009
same here!
The smell of mathematical inequality on Sunday evening. @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/pKbrczGMII
Other elementary thing *Former Belgian PM* doesn't get is Pax Americana in W. Europe, Pax Russiana in E. Not his EU ShmEU bureaucratoBS
Please explain. Thanks.
Franklin. See my amazon recommendations.
Then Mazel Tov! Lindy works.
Overestimated!!! More with @peterfrankopan
Hi, it needs to be still alive and not in decline. If so, then Lindy would work statistically.
No, focus on concavity. You need acceleration.
Make a guess.
The point is that you NEVER NEVER gauge wars by FREQUENCY but by INTENSITY. Kapish?
The Lindy effect is Lindy compatible. "Use laws that are old & food that is fresh". Thanks Constantine @ctheofilopoulos pic.twitter.com/q1Lg5MVK4m
Compare to WW1 WW2 when pop was ~half todays.
The beauty of mathematical visualization early in the morning  @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/nkf7gs9qQB
The hundred years war killed between 2K and 22K per year. Kapish?  @surfnm
I was expecting that Trump would reset the tax code, foreign relations, etc. But I never expected that he would reset the media.
Particularizing from the general; vastly worse @Debradelai
The accent is what makes it important!
2) For Salafis, Islam is immutable law, incompatible w/state. For Sufis, it is ~spirituality, compatible with secular state.  @DalrympleWill
Poets are exempt; they do not make scientific claims!
The interesting thing is that for complex variables,  >= and <= are not exhaustive, there is a 3rd. So used not NOT(>=).
Here is the rewriting. Thanks! pic.twitter.com/GqbU5ibxbz
Imbeciles think in words! A universal principle that holds AT ALL SCALES is rigorous. Think before tweeting. @IvarsNeiders @mikeharrisNY
You good, vey good!
3) Humanities academics are rejects w/no common sense substituting thinking w/universal slogans, destroying student's discernment, reasoning
2) Love of humanity doesn't force you to open your living room to ALL passers by. But you may invite a few.  Complex systems are stratified.
so "not complex" is another constraint which shows naturally is the last graph.
The whole thing is to not let them be complex. So solution is for real a1, b1, a2,b2, etc.
Education & intellectualization make people think in Universal terms for local problems, with no awareness of Scalability. #SkinInTheGame
I will write up (long). Here are the visual results. I will complete with algebraic solutions from Kuhn Tucker optimiz. pic.twitter.com/FVHxjHr0vD
Would you accept the algebraic-visual route? We can look at intersections. pic.twitter.com/u4Bzgal5zt
Friday squid ink and mathematics with @a_lesniewski pic.twitter.com/pb181J3xD7
Including part 2 that requires an additional step.
For Math lovers, #FF Follow Friday: @CutTheKnotMath who makes you work very hard. pic.twitter.com/m0ANxGxwq1
Indeed I never said pesticides *caused* Zika.
The unnoticed fact revealed in the press conference: The @realDonaldTrump is heavily lawyered & has lawyered up even more post-Flynn.
Start with biblical.
He said "fool" I think.
I blocked Louise Mensch for 1) mental incapacity/instability, 2) playing cheap games of sensationalism. @morningj @LouiseMensch @ABarnardNYT
Journos & other idiots are confused as hell by the Donald Trump; don't get that he may be the *only* recent leader who never had a boss.
I block bullshitters
3) And Saying let's not fight terrorism because past incidence is low is like saying let's remove pilots since planes don't crash @foxjust
Proof 1c is messed up but redone same result. Will revert with cleaner version.
It is <=>
Greek Orthodox, a difference.
Thanks!
Positive deriv. Will redo the whole thingy and repost. And p-1 is a typo. shd be p.
Human representation? Same as Doura Evropos.
Did you receive the books?
The best deal they got was 1947. 2nd best, 1948, 3rd best, 1967, 4th best...
Very dense equation. Hope no typos. Thanks! pic.twitter.com/9J3ibhpvGp
I agree with you they have a picture of Sunnis. But the hijab picture is here with no loss of generality. Kapish? pic.twitter.com/CtVovavIdG
No, but QUIZ: there is such a thing as an unconditioned expectation. Explain.
Skills and virtue are not the same thing. Virtue signaling is something courage-free. Kapish?
Virtue signaling is the information age's rediscovery of simony .
Indeed! pic.twitter.com/0vgXHsH6Vv
Not quite: I get 4.05386 but I see the logic & am redoing with Trig transformations.
I went off-track and got a tighter bound via complex roots that are, in fact, real. pic.twitter.com/LzGmDRfhFk
What they don't say is that the success is hospital/technician dependent.
TAVI? My mother just did one.
No, no, no. Don't know abt fat tails.
in 2016, Obama accepted ~11000 Sunni refugees and ~72 Christians frm Syria. Mr @ali_w_ali I am blocking you next to avoid twitter pollution.
Please vote on this tweet (twitter polls don't allow pictures). Thanks
Friends, question for our Fat Tails book with @DrCirillo. Which graph is nicer, top or bottom? pic.twitter.com/wpbWTP6u1B
You are a pure illogical imbecile. "Can pay" means the top, not the average.
Read before you tweet. Try some thinking. Kapish?
#Lindy!
For 1 individual, yes, for a population, no. Kapish?
no
Genetics is a dream for bullshitphobic historians. Looks like Phoenicians & Assyrians (not Babylonians) were "Indo-Europeans". @PZalloua pic.twitter.com/ddwyWy1NlC
Now, you have to choose between 2 competing chief executives. Which one should you pick? The one who looks "professional"?
You don't have to go back to 45BC just look hard at the present. Plus Caesar might have had a passive fling (impudica) so...
Baal invented sushi so people can pay a lot of money for a meal without gaining weight.
Voila. pic.twitter.com/xUNcf6RnaI
OK, will make the proof...
We need to prove that if a_k/b_k and a_k'/b_k' are both in [m,M], then \frac{a_k+a_k'}\frac{b_k+b_k'} in [m,M].
Please explain.
Just aside, a notational question. Do you use the overline \overline{1,n} for an interval [1,n] or a set {1,n} \in N?
You have to choose between 2 surgeons in a hospital. Which one should you pick? The one who *looks like* a surgeon or the other? @jamessaft
We met in his library.
Mr @HalSinger after so much economics you need to relearn elementary properties of binary relations, such as symmetry many toddlers know. pic.twitter.com/IL9RvuZ2zY
Mr @HalSinger, if someone who has "apocalyptic worldview" likes my book, does it make it apocalyptic? If a prisoners reads my book... #IYI
Squid ink and Pugliese wine to rest after REWRI 4 pic.twitter.com/qxRQZkhkDJ
REWRI Day 5: "All markets are illiquid when you really, really need them".
.@poetmorgan1 Expressing yourself in words doesn't mean you thought "in words". Kapish? And stop tweeting for Baal's sake.
BTW I never say that mathematicians think in "numbers" but in axioms, objects, and inequalities: pic.twitter.com/ov57yBnS4v
Where?
Sorry bad cut paste pic.twitter.com/1zRPhfayny
I tried it gets messier with 3 variables because of the constraint.
Voila. Could not find a clean inequality. pic.twitter.com/F0UwcEIEVj
Would a solution via calculus be elegant enough? We'd get a graph as a bonus.
1)Cond. Prob. Conditional on having voted Trump, odds of owning gun is, say 30%. Conditional on owning a gun, odds of voting Trump is >90%
We let them in. No bias!
Every function has a scale. Conventional military needs centralization, though not militias...
Koura, so far
Random!
I systematically decline invitations to conf. discussing "populism" as if it were some type of pathology. Mere term "populism" misframes pic.twitter.com/IGzbnorPDu
Is this proof too ...modern? Tightens the inequality a bit. pic.twitter.com/TML1MgDB6E
No, just exploratory but conclusions strong. Need larger sample for public.
Syriacs are high J2 and very little J1, meaning Northern Mesopotamians had no intermixing w/Semites.  Only language. @zaliin @PZalloua
Point is that the Judeans didn't recognize the Canaanites as close relatives.
Calm down & don't misinterpret. We are doing the opposite: using hard, hard science.
Greek mytho has Europa from Tyre to Crete, Arcadia frm Ugaritic pple (Arwada). Bible has Canaan son of Ham not Shem. @wunderbearer @PZalloua pic.twitter.com/pxL0YH6sOm
2) In other words the claims by Jews that they are different tribe from Cannaanites even if lang same appears true. @wunderbearer @PZalloua
1) Looks like the notion "Canaanites as Semites" is bogus empirically. Both Torah & Greek mythology say they aren't. @wunderbearer @PZalloua
MAronites are high J2, ~35-40%. But I wd never assume Melchite as G-O not homogeneous.
More interestingly, the probability of Koura people being of Arab origin is less than 1 in 1,000,000 @PZalloua
Yes
That's Babylonian/Southern Mesopotamia, sort of.
Distribution of Genes of Greek-Orthodox in Koura (Amioun) appears *identical* to Greek Islands/Crete @PZalloua  Confirms Byzantine theory pic.twitter.com/SmvKRBCfp5
Artificial stupidity comes w/ overriding the Lindy-compatible in favor of some bias invented by some ignorant nerd like @r_thaler
A. Tversky once said he didn't care about *artificial intelligence*,he studied *natural stupidity*.  I prefer to study *artificial stupidy*.
He was also told to not piss off soldiers, and was killed by one. Paternal advice...
1)Historical Intrigue du jour: Phoenicians & Assyrians likely not of "Semitic" ancestry, yet spoke Semitic lang. @PZalloua will have more. pic.twitter.com/Igw0rq9BtT
I wonder what the Enlightenment people would call a "Left" that's authoritarian, repressive, disciplinarian, & despotically normative.
You're an idiot.
. @arbedout Before tweeting, think in 2nd order of why I made such statement. Check amazon, it's #1.
1) Peace: Top or Bottom? Morrocan gov pro-Israel, but popul. hostile. Iran gov hostile, but not Iranians.  Which peace is easier? Think Long
Do IYI economists & social "scientists" realize  they will soon be cut from taxpayer money? The pseudo-research $$ scam is bound to end.
You going?
New York Museum of Mathematics, @MoMath1  Matthew Richey pic.twitter.com/rC0hWazww1
Outside your shit papers, in the real world, risk-takers work with thresholds to simplify life. @R_Thaler @JamesMarsh79
Sorry but won't explain to you the properties of a convex strategy here. If you don't get it, you don't get it.
page 80+ on change of behavior with house money mental acctg
Exactly because you cannot fake courage, the mother of all virtues.
Actually closest to virtue signaling because ra2e 3am: managing public opinion!
Rodrik, like cheap Starbucks, engages in cheap virtue signaling, at the expense of sophistry. Bullshit is free. @CliffordAsness @rodrikdani
Iddi3a2 is used for pretender, false prophet... Raya2 works, but strange origin of ra2a (<- mir2at) pic.twitter.com/ir6CUCntQD
I agree with Saif, ta7asn doesn't necessarily have a negative connotation.
Barbell!
Thanks James!
منافق=Con man No?
Since you're here, is there an Arabic term for virtue signaling? Can't find nothing.
(cont) Last time I set foot in Starbucks they were selling something called "ethical water"; with millennials falling for that scam.
Nothing wrong in the classics in the elevation of your status. But you need to take risks for that, signal courage. @PrometheusAM
It is a product of modernity.
Bingo! My suspicion.
4) "Bullshit vending" was present in the classics, as more politely "Smoke vending" "Vendere fumum"  Compiled in Erasmus (Adagia, I, 3, 41 )
Blaming Starbucks for fake virtue signaling, hypocrisy, exploitation of the immigration ban, @kaveh_h  I boycott Starbucks since GMO darkact
3)  I am procrastinating w/ *Skin in the Game* as I can't find *virtue signaling* in classics (#Lindy),nothing beyond hypocrisy.  Is it new?
We can continue from here. Graph gets us the obvious inequality and both truth and justice prevail ! pic.twitter.com/qvy38oassV
step 2 is for the applied. But one can show an inequality between the two constants as the two halfs of the rectangles not =
We can get a close approximation pic.twitter.com/HY0Z1rJqyI
Voila @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/GQbASsQwII
I boycott SaudiBarbaria. They should. @MrSeras @AlexJacksonKerr @Konstant_V
We need to tawk. I got some work on that.
2/ Virtue signaling is virtue without courage, without skin in the game, which is why it is getting more common.
There is no worse vice than one that imitates virtue; worst of all is the one that claims virtue: virtue signaling.
2) The terrorist was not Morroccan, which explains the problem as victims were Sunnis.
Fucking idiot what part of "If" doesn't exist in the Arabic language?
I asked you where were you during the war.
Not son of Antoun but Abdallah. Because Christian.  Where were you during war?
2) At a checkpoint the son of  Saadeh SPSS boss was killed by Sunnis for being Christian. Many GO were slaughtered.
1) It is wrong that G-O were minority and "Left". G-O were majority of fighters in Achrafieh.
I was IN the war
Most Greek-Orthodox sided with the Christian side (except Communists & SPP).  Those who lived in Muslim areas were harrassed.
We Christians have been made uncomfortable & not at home in the Levant; we feel at home with Western values & want to keep it as such.
3/People are not getting that it is under Obama that minorities fleeing Sunni persecution were not allowed !!! pic.twitter.com/pLcAooTXly
I am not an economist, but a trader/risk taker who does mathematical finance.
This is absurd. Finding "playing with the house money" irrational violates Kelly. Only nontraders read that crap.
Hihi do you have a ref? Would love to add his comment to new book!
Here is the answer to Mr Greene @bgreene: don't use your "scientific" status to give policy advice about risk. pic.twitter.com/B0Cp7HfTCk
No, retweets. I unfollowed those who retweeted this. @shootersix
link?
1) Reasoning: if a Moroccan terrorist (hence Muslim) killed Muslim people in #QuebecCity, very high probability the victims are Shiites.
No, there is a diff betw refusing to change at home (default opt) & going to a place & wanting to change others.
For Baal's sake, note that I am against the ban for Iran, Iraq & Yemen, but REQUIRING restrictions for Salafis .Kapish? @mtsw @rodrikdani
Compare to Arab countries.
And Salafism isn't quite promoting the tolerant "diversity" that Mr Rodrik is looking for... @rodrikdani
Had @rodrikdani made an effort to get the point instead of bullshitting: American value is not accepting assymmetric *intolerant* religion.
Ms Celarier, bef making statement about "stupid" you shd do the intelligent thing to follow the thread for details on asymmetry.
Mr Rodrik, hope you understand that you are some BS-writing hack living on American charity.  Not quite the American dream.  @rodrikdani
I usually block nitpickers, not always assholes. Kapish?
Asymmetric separation between church and state is leading to Halal public shools in France.  @schmittpaula @zak_pullen
A friend you lose was never a friend. @TheDefenderA
I came as refugee from the Lebanese war, embraced American values,& vowed to defend them. I refuse immigrants who don't embrace our values.
3) Shiites are also victims. In Saudi Arabia they are treated worse than dhimmis.
2) Iran is the only Islamic country that is truly robust in its tolerance towards Christians and Jews.
Back to New York after ~4 weeks weightlifting hiatus, to let the body heal from injuries. What will happen to the maximum press/deadlift?
No practical difference. AbdelWahab was a brand of violent Salafis. Kapish?
Thanks a million!
Just as "political science" doesn't have any science, "think tanks" are for people who don't and can't think.
Hi, do you have a reference for the excerpt? This is a compilation.
Salafism is CRIMINAL @singhponline @Medium
Who is YC?
No-nonsense Book on Fat Tails with @DrCirillo, looking increasingly like Dynamic Hedging in style. pic.twitter.com/SZFzKNiP8C
Probability du Jour: Why correlation always finite and bounded in (-1, 1), when covariances are undefined. (final) pic.twitter.com/fgj3itJzEB
While Trump's"enemies take him literally not seriously & friends seriously not literally", the wise looks at his acts & acts only. No words.
 pic.twitter.com/ax0hbuxgjI
Actually title is "Extreme Events and How to Live with Them"
typo: minus infty
Pedagogical slides explaining Fat Tails for my talk in Cambridge questa sera: Why under fat tails single events>sum pic.twitter.com/oXNzOUp9m6
Cambridge pic.twitter.com/UasiBmiIlK
They also have minorities. A Shiite and a Christian CANNOT possibly live under Islamists. Kapish?
Islamist IS  monster. Sorry.
"hundreds of thousands..." not true. And it all started when he RELEASED them from jail. Facts, Saif, facgs.
From discussion w/ @DrCirillo abt the mystery of why correlation exists but not covariance for very Fat Tailed dist pic.twitter.com/rz6cp0UDUc
@Dyedra Just wrote & asked pple in Cambridge. They have never heard of Oxford.
Statistically, the terrorists who killed the largest number of Americans were from Saudi Barbaria. Just a reminder.
Rotterdam for a thesis def then Cambridge tomorrow
Who's coming to my Cambridge tawk? We can sample potential topic.
uè guagliò, agg capit.
Exactly! The rate of flow of migrants determine the language; added to chapter on minority r
Genes and languages don't line up necessarily!  See Turkey, Cyprus, USA, Mexico, Egypt, etc. @Lekapenos @kingdomofvan @ghchammas @PZalloua
Not only Italian but he is as difficult with food as he is with statistical theories!
There are as many definitions of "Fat Tails" as... We settled on "true fat tails" (Paretan, hard) & nonParetan (soft) fat tails. @DrCirillo
Much of the population seem to come from the North, the "Aryan" Asia Minor, aside from the sea. @ghchammas @PZalloua
4) Unlike genetic theories, low-dimensional genetic analyses focusing on Haplogroups for populations very robust statistically.
3) Linguistic categorizations post Greenberg fail miserably with Semitic languages, owing to cross terms/mutations
2) So theory by Salibi is bogus. Myth 2: Contra SciAm (not "scientific"), little Arab origin/blood  in Western Levant ~ elsewhere in Med.
1) With geneticist @PZalloua, busting a few myths about the Levant. Myth 1: Population of Levant is "Semitic".PreIslamic population European
Wine in Akkadian @Extrachelle pic.twitter.com/Y321LxOAdA
The word wine comes from Phenician Yayn (Oinos), from Akkadian Inu. But also 7mer (see Ugaritic). @Extrachelle pic.twitter.com/e2FNAubKp3
Never!
I wrote about the 2 fossil system.
Yes: tell him to fuck off and I will probably block him if he replies. I don't accept arbitrary categorizations.
If you're over 30 and *need* to ever show or use a measure of your IQ, then tautologically it is the wrong measure.
I meant Charlie Munger
A real IQ test is one (Reverse engineered): An old Greek peasant would pass, Hume, Voltaire wd pass, D Munger wd pass,  & P Krugman wd fail
Truth is offensive. Live with it.
The same applies to other languages. Actually, more tp other lang
So IYIs are accusing Trump to be fascist while asserting at the same time that Obama is a better il Duce, better at gathering crowds?
Which picture is then and when?
Fucking idiot an arbitrage is an arbitrage not a methodology. Violating an arbitrage loses $$. @DGkiranpai
Completed the "How to Predict an Election" thanks to jet lag. For comments. pic.twitter.com/g3TAUYWeEB
2/Pretty much any news operation who performed asychronous comparisons needs to be disqualified as evidence of propaganda
Shu Inu. Shu is what (looking for root), Inu, Anna, Ana are Akkadian for "there is"  Anna in Arabic
Can someone confirm that the pictures of Trump's and Obama's inaugurations in comparative panels in MSM were taken at different times?  Thx!
Shinu means "what"? "Which one"?
Actually ba3den maps to Hebrew/Aramaic
The reason is a poem transcribed in an essay by Fouad Ephrem Boustany where@ba3den had a sequence in it.
Initially it was ruled out because it didn't express a sequence. In Ugaritic, it does.
Byzantine, of course. Greco-Roman.
Thing I learned today: many Levantine words that don't map to Aramaic/Hebrew have a Phoenician orgin. Ba3d, Ba3den pic.twitter.com/4adL5aIWF3
Is he one of your students at Fletcher?
Some people select mystical numbers for good luck. 786 is 4-16 times more likely to be Muslim, pop adjusted. Kapish? @RakeshNarula2
Thing I learned today: In India you can tell someone's religion at his phone number or car license plate.  Muslim: contains 786.
Dictionary of Received Ideas,  New Version pic.twitter.com/mheJHAhbO6
Nobody had "lived under a Trump" 3 h ago outside of his imagination. @CutTheKnotMath @Kasparov63
I am trying to imagine Fat Tony's reaction in front of a *vegetarian* burger joint. pic.twitter.com/7AZvTvSlnE
New definition of "left" pic.twitter.com/GPLjyv1OhT
The new Dictionary of Received Ideas pic.twitter.com/oT3E0tSHCd
Greek might have a common Indi European root
Friends needs ome help: what's the origin of बस (bas = no more) in Hindi? pic.twitter.com/KviEEb7YPA
Lameen was informed that "ma" as negation (common in Levant) was exclusive to Arabic.
Semitic philology du jour: "ma" used as negation in Hebrew & Akkadian. possible origin "mimma" @lameensouag pic.twitter.com/NKsZpbuCDG
That's not what I said. "In the States, Rich people shd be exposed to becoming poor, as part of the Am Dr"
That's not what I said. "In the States, Rich people shd be exposed to become poor, as part of the Ame Dr"
I would check w Pierre Zalloua @PZalloua who found a different genetic imprint for narrow coastal band on Med  @Lekapenos @Michael99908062
Doesn't show Greek enclaves along the Levantine coast
That's what I have for Targum/Mishnaic Aramaic pic.twitter.com/viXgKPUZ9T
In spoken Aramaic which has shifts; he meant classical.
nothing with "economist" is legit
Male peacock in Jaipur. You don't win elections by being dull, but by flamboyance & natural signaling. @ZEEJLF pic.twitter.com/kZeACQ5v7u
Probability is life. pic.twitter.com/mY3cDj3PTw
There is a very small probability you will find something different in a different copy, but who knows.
No need, just empower local languages
(Correction) f= (2-x) +1/(2-x).Let u=2-x. The minimum solves for {u: 1-1/u^2=0, u>0},u=1, x=1.
Yes, typo, sorry. Meant + and calculated with +. The rest same minimum.
f= (2-x) -1/(2-x).Let u=2-x. The minimum solves for {u: 1-1/u^2=0, u>0},u=1, x=1. Thanks from an airport line!
Let's then use EVT classification Compatible w/(Dim 1) Finite moments but 4th moment>3 Subexponential Power law Power law w/o LLN
Of course you are a coward to not expose your real name.
You are discovering that if you fuck with some pple, there is ~10% pr. they won't spare you, & won't stop. Kapish?
Pls explain "scientifically" w/o getting upset this point & its absence from "linguistics" pic.twitter.com/Oghs9xWkB2
@HardeepSPuri will be happy
We will settle on a terminology (whether FatTails incl Heavy Tails or vice versa) @DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/Jggq9g3e9g
To imbeciles who think my Davosphobia comes from "not being invited":I was invited,once, & I made sure they regretted it.  @VeryBritishDude
Merci! pic.twitter.com/9x9QHeiIYi
Countryside like Ma3loula, not coastal cities and not Koura.
Menu @kringelikrok pic.twitter.com/ARBUdEr2Hj
When people are Lebanese-Armenian they say Lebanese here. When they are Aleppo- Armenian they say Lebanese-Armenian.
Aleppo-Armenian food in Beirut. A long experience since Tigran. pic.twitter.com/I28DvO3TzI
Excelent! I have heuristics TK
I am a statistician. I saw numbers. Arabs buy 95% fewer books (in Arabic) than Europeans
Prof Easterly is good. Very good.
Pple give to charities &feel virtuous by just giving.No #SkinIntheGame IYI workers feel virtuous while misspending Those in need are screwed
yes!
It is general. Except for religious books.
Lord Shemesh this morning shining on Mount Lebanon across from writing desk pressuring me to finish #SkinintheGame pic.twitter.com/wPEVVtLiqs
Bingo, and even then few invaders
My ancestors used Greek not Aramaic. That's the main cultural tension with Maronites and Syriac Orthodox tribes. @herbert_delmont
Some. The ones you can guess. Even then, just look at them.  Ignore Scientific American.
Only on twitter! We have Barry Strauss commenting on conversation!
Not at all; Zallou3a visited me yesterday. Levantines closer to Greeks. pic.twitter.com/emveRE8iLD
3) Paradoxically, the place people travelled safely was on Silk Road thanks to clearing by Genghis et al. See @peterfrankopan @brenwickham
No, undoing of Arabic invasion.
Roman citizenship was before edict of Caracalla~204, limited to former city states. Closed sys @MattheWrite @jacoporomei @_md @duarte_vasco
In Ancient Med, bulk of migrations was from 1) slavery,  2) invading armies  @jacoporomei @_md @duarte_vasco
2) Romans had incredibly difficult laws for resident barbarians (nonCitizens) in Empire @jacoporomei @_md @duarte_vasco
This is not, not, not  true. It was hard to settle in Athens as a foreigner, except for Sidonians. Metics. @jacoporomei @_md @duarte_vasco
Both
The point is that in a decentralized system, there is evolution. We don't know "biases" ex ante.
No. In my family we have been using French since 1840 in correspondence. Arabic is the colonial language.
Kill Arabic, rejuvenate and empower languages stifled by it. Stop calling them "dialects"
No advanced countries are diglossic into a dead language. An Engl/Fr./Sp./It. letter sounds like speech. @alifakharany @thealikhanafer
.@thealikhanafer Arabs don't read; those who read are diglossic & don't do so in Arabic. I sold <2K Black Swan in Arabic, >100K in Italian!
Alexander to Herakles! Then continued in cities
People feel that Arabic is an invador's language. Green-Roman alphabet used for 1000-1200 years before Arabic. #LindyEffect @LaurenceJarvik
on way to Jaipur, drop by next week
excccccccccccccellent! All fresh.
At the first pizza/pasta restaurant in my ancestral village Amioun. Not an Arabic letter on the menu.Extinction of Ar pic.twitter.com/hLIBSJdzUo
It means I can't call them Saudi Barbaria from Lebanese soil?
Thanks!
Not the other way around?
Fat Tony: "No one ever went bankrupt trading against intellectuals".
Jet lag. Maestro, does this work or more details/further steps are necessary? pic.twitter.com/2ta39kkIPd
Fuck, no!
6) Obama allowed bankers to have the biggest bonus pool in history, in 2010, just after we bailed them out. Plus Geithner a rep of cronyK.
Obama destroyed Michael Flynn's career  because he was opposed to covert policy of financing/training AlQaeda in Syria @mjb1286
.@yaneerbaryam Tail risk decision-maker, protector of the system. The Prez is the risk manager not the risk creator.
5) Obama favored Jihadi headchoppers over secularists, financed AlQaeda, wrecked Lybia & Syria, decimated Christian communities. Shame!
4) Obama-novacaine left us with 10 trillion gov debt for 7-10 mil jobs and hugely increased fragility in the system.
3) Basically "no scandal in his presidency" sums it all: for we didn't elect an archbishop for sermons & lectures, but a decision-maker.
2) His legacy is an increased centralization in the most complex system we've seen, instead of exact opposite. Not the America I want.
1) My summary of Obama: He is the fellow who, when there is fire in the building, makes a great moving speech, then calls for advice.
Dina Powell is a Copt. She is no "Arab" American; shameful on their part to use identity politics w/wrong identity.  @EHSANI22
Hi there did you contact Alicia? Thanks.
Merci Rosine vius travaillez chez Antoine?
Power law for vocabulary, Mandelbrot-Zipf
PhilologyParadoxduJour. Levantine for man is zalmé/zolm, Syriac for small/weak; man in W. Semitic GVR, frm ~strong pic.twitter.com/PJOwRRFixH
No, fucking idiot. Try again.
It was not a bad idea. Thanks!
He "demolished" nothing using a poem by Said Akl. Using the same method, we now have 95% of spoken vocabulary.
The problem, is that as a rigorous scientist I have no time for sloppy reasoning like yours. Bye.
Actually, I would say further, @CutTheKnotMath is the best educational math site on the internet!
So you are telling me that your definition of Arabic is time-dependent... Take a rest for a while.
Went today to the Roman temple to honor Apollo & found it profanated with Santa Claus & Christmas decorations. pic.twitter.com/X3KTcVQQxE
Then you are contradicting statement that current dialect comes from Arabic if its origin Aram, Caaanite, Ugaritic.
From what I've noticed linguists don't get co-linearity, make statistical fallacies @akhchronicles @siinjiim pic.twitter.com/NGjJOijCqL
My first Follow Friday #FF is to @CutTheKnotMath.  Follow his twitter math problems for edification, pleasure, or to kill time in airports!
Your friend @siinjiim is actually thoughtful; he can wait for full paper/data, verbs, syntax, to critique.
Proving Levantine is not derived from Arabic leads to same for most other so-called "colloquial Arabic" dialects & "Arabism" to fall apart.
Shemesh is finally shining on the Southern slope of Mount Lebanon. pic.twitter.com/zBsLMqNwFf
Great! Thanks, I will drop by there. Is it open Sundays?
Not in Jewish Aramaic. pic.twitter.com/EuvQ9LMWyS
I can buy the book. Is it in bookstores?
Do you have a PDF?
Nobody has invited you to this conversation; just have the decency to shut the fuck up & go argue w pple like you.
Voila, in Classical Syriac Baqara also cow @candela3paz pic.twitter.com/iZZ0E9Xvw6
Same as Aramaic!
"House"is "Beit"in Hebrew/Phoenician, Aramaic,& spoken Levantine (rboso), Bayt in Arabic. For idiotArab nationalists, it comes from Arabic.
Today Snow in Mount Lebanon with ominous clouds (from my window). pic.twitter.com/yIhgfx5k7Y
Words such as "syrup" or "sorbet" that come from Arabic actually have Aramaic roots SRB: parched (to offset) pic.twitter.com/uwnqqjgsXo
Much of the similarities between Levantine & Arabic come from Aramaic loan words into Arabic, particularly religious ones @seize_the_dave
Arab "nationalists" believe & spread the BS that pple in the Levant had NO language before the Arabs showed up. In fact it is the reverse.
My friend, for Apollo's sake, please don't call it Lebanese "Arabic" but Lebanese "Semitic". Kapish?
1) It was about GMOs!  2) See my post of HOW TO measure it
Also 538 DOES NOT have a good Brier Score: You shd include ALL forecasts! @rpmiller4 @SamWangPhD pic.twitter.com/cpSzbelnS0
.@rpmiller4 @DavisMets @SamWangPhD Brier score doesn't cover tail risk. Would you use it for airplanes?
You are absurdly circular. Why is Levantine an "Arabic" dialect? I usually block idiots but will give you a chance.
If you are so knowlegeable explain why they are "Arab" dialects not Semitic dialects, without circular assertions.
Explain why Arabic origin not Akkadian or Canaanite.
no, becoming common
LEvantine vocabulary, 80% of words used in conversation (Zipf). Very few words have Arabic origin (conflations). pic.twitter.com/eL1j8U1wZi
never
Empirical "evidence" is statistical, not handwaved statements with jargon.
You don't understand. I am am empiricist I don't use linguistic theories.
My definition of very close also puts Arabic close to Aramaic. But now have evidence from vocabulary not grammar abt Levantine.
You're clueless. They are weakly mutually understandable.
Imbecile, nobody is debating this, the point is about the claims of Arabism.
The Taleb et al (1964) is my father who had evidence that Lebs had ~ no Arab blood
Yes see further comment on green card marriages.
.@iyad_elbaghdadi You contradict yourself.  This is inconsistent w/your classification of Maltese as nonArabs from genes in spite of lang.
I am convinced that Michiko Kakutani is mentally ill.  @michikokakutani pic.twitter.com/qn1wVTKgcn
Paula I am switching from "capitalism" to "market economy" since one can make bigbucks w/o capital.
So are Egyptians Arab? How about Syrians? Please keep to Y/N & specify "genetic markers"
Justinian's code: ~ 50 vol generally on symmetry in transactions! Many clauses originally Berytus. #SkinintheGame pic.twitter.com/6Q6cSwbqLu
I can see you are an idiot.
People made the mistake of thinking secularization = Arabism, turned out to be the opposite.
Yes, illusion that ideas make it because of some methodological stamp, rather test of time via Lindy  @BruBartonSinger @aeronlaffere
You are not getting my point. Are Maltese Arabs, Y/N?
Reading Theodosius' code looking for #SkinintheGame & symmetry in transaction. Sharia is too sophisticated to come from Arabia   @hosain719
If @realDonaldTrump ate ice cream, Krugman wd criticize ice cream. If he ate apples,he wd criticize apples. This is info abt Krugman not DT.
Three stages of the Christmas cheese from M. Spitznagel's goat farm. pic.twitter.com/OVfNpsxjEf
Not racial: was Rome's way to control Green-Card marriages. Legal liabilities  more punishing for those marrying non citizens ("barbarians")
Yes, punished like a slave
Interesting Fact du jour. Theodosius code:Marrying a Barbarian("gentile")=capital punishment. Rule made in Beirut. pic.twitter.com/GbpxzydE7w
Let me redo cleanly. I am spending my best time on your problems instead of finishing my book! pic.twitter.com/Nxu49tG3g5
 pic.twitter.com/pmVIkaBo5j
Hi, I may have gotten the signs off, but A< B, B< C
w/80% of Levantine words. Closest is Ugaritic (hence Canaanite) not even Aramaic
It is as hard to fake indifference when you are interested as it is to fake interest when you are indifferent.
You have ~2000 years before it happens, by the Lindy Effect
cleaner pic.twitter.com/gATmVu2ykC
Do you realize this puts you --as a classicist -- on top of the pyramid? @ArmandDAngour
It is within the bracket that has squares. Once on a computer I can expand  and show all positive signs.
Voila. pic.twitter.com/1FTD2sXlLm
I wonder where Albania "Arna'ut" has the same origin.
It is Levantine, not Arabic
That's how I myself tawk. I went once in Beirut to buy an Ipad, they gave me an Ipod.
Something tells me there is a 3 missing (plus to prove using ineq theorems) pic.twitter.com/1xFH2VAhLZ
Actually, small detail, shouldn't the lfs <= rhs? Had to flip the signs to get results for upper not lower b
#MathisBeautiful Fixed!  @CutTheKnotMath @republicofmath pic.twitter.com/0ISJqe5OSg
Yes, redoing! More beautiful.
Literally all of Western Syria, except Hawran.
There were large Armenian quarters in Jerusalem, Aleppo, Alexandria BEFORE the Genocide, thanks to diff church didn't integrate @TNinestein
Reexplaining the Lindy Effect as well as why is free he who doesn't care about his reputation. pic.twitter.com/H9w9dPYcQv
Luxenberg
Aleppo depended on Cilicia during Tigran's dominance. @TNinestein pic.twitter.com/1NW4FLEpLQ
OK, OK, I see the C-S shortcut. Thanks a million for these & the help!  Gratitude.
Michael Ms bureaucrat is ... weak. Very weak. The very point of the aphorism is a heurisitic for "free".
Snowed-in afternoon. Hope details are sufficient. pic.twitter.com/Q1ijIsrc7H
Ms Anya policygoonocrat @AnyaMartin8, pls find a SINGLE concept in my writing not backed up with rigorous technical formulation. Thanks you.
A businessperson cares abt his reputation as it facilitates business, not as an end. For people who aren’t free, reputation is the end.
Never post first draft! pic.twitter.com/5dlu9v8abN
Saw my mistake! I shd never post the first draaaaaft.
Before comment had reposted by removing weight & keeping inequality.  Can make z= f(g(x)), z^-1= f^-1(g^-1(x))
What do you mean by "this"? My attempt at proof?
The Wiki page for the increasing function theorem is a mess. From this we get results.
Sincere condolences.
New (replacement) pic.twitter.com/9IEfEbCICR
MAestro, will it work if we show that f has a min =0 for \eta=\delta=0 forall values of a & d[f,\eta]>=0 d[f, \delta]>=0 ?
That was posted before your question.
Right! Too fast. Let me get more coffee and redo!
Voila pic.twitter.com/7scFwT4E3w
Simply because pic.twitter.com/yuZYgnMKjS
Answered in Skin in the Game (book). I am a localist not a libertarian stricto sensu.
Squid ink pic.twitter.com/cYb1QTGudM
Don't trust this.
Hello my friend, since you are here, do you agree with my thing about Orthodoxy & this interpr of Theosis? pic.twitter.com/2Y62fUbWHm
Life isn't about getting forecasts "right"; it is about navigating the environment and controlling it.
no, Dec 25
Shadi Hamid @shadihamid represents the interests of the funders of AlQeda. Much worse than neocon. @FedUpCitizen_
And the Serbs!
working on it.
To my Armenian and Russian Orthodox friends, Merry Christmas!
Ms Policywonk, would you care to reveal your name?
It took 11 1/2 minutes for the rederivation of the proof sui generis!
Proof that entropy under 2nd law leads to thin tails,or why Pinker is a charlatan @sapinker @yaneerbaryam pic.twitter.com/KEmdqFg61J
Fuckoff
Nobody is noticing: the entropy error by Pinker boy @sapinker is precisely what leads pple to believe in thintails everywhere. @yaneerbaryam
Syria is the victim of "hotel journalism": war correspondents clustering in Beirut, far from Aleppo.  TBS, 10y ago: pic.twitter.com/pV8zLUybkv
Have you seen a finance meeting in NY?
The usual illustration confirming Math is Beautiful @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/jKsLrjWlm4
They live in Washington DC @digvijoy_c @MaxAbrahms
a^3 is convex, abcd is concave, so minimum either for min of a or maximum of b &c or c&d or b &d
b=c=1, etc. also on the envelop
when a=b=c=d=1
Hope all goes OK!
The Babylonian root is shitpu, ashaptu, ashabu, etc.: surge in fire; looking for Ugaritic @asadabukhalil @lourou1981 pic.twitter.com/esBeT7AnRd
@CutTheKnotMath Hi it doesn't work. say a=b=c=d=1, inequality is violated.
If you want to make sure someone never misses your tweets, block him.
You good, very good.
Shob is in Syriac, apparently not in Arabic @lourou1981 pic.twitter.com/rw96tu221b
Looking. Not in Akkadian.
Yes "concavity argument" give Karamata here. add in the 3rd line before last "the minimum of" \sum sin(a_i)=n sin (pi/2n) which...
Initially it meant "incentive".
It was NOT coined by Buffett. Perhaps first to be cited in the press.
Thanks a million. I tried Andrew's Penguin translation; no avail. And this is a great episode for a great podcast.
I meant Tablet 10
I tracked the beautiful v he recited in Akkadian (Book 10) but 139 is different from how he continues pic.twitter.com/D0PKzDTzBl
Yes, 31:40 to 33:00; "except that UtaNapishtim had more to say: life goes on"... like Asian societies today.
Hi, where is the section where Utnapishtim tells Gilgamesh that we live through the collective? Book 11? Can't find the dialog
2) The HKM in Heb/Ar are associated with wisdom, HKM= to arbitrate. Here spoken Levantine still uses the original meaning "to medicate".
Is it me or something pathological fighting Russia when armed state w/~7mil pop. beheads Americans,kills civilians in West & >10K nonSunnis?
Traders are selected to stay intuitive, vague & skip steps; math rigor requires absence of handwaving. Thanks!
Philology dujour: Akkadian calls doctors Hakkamu,just as Levantine does 4200y later, medicate=Hakkam (Ar = Tabbab) pic.twitter.com/UF69JuEYKU
Voila. I hope this has all the steps. Sorry sin[x] /x now fixed. pic.twitter.com/aXLF82GJrt
tan(x)>0 for x \in [0,\pi/2]
Yes, easy to prove that \frac{x \cos (x)-\sin (x)}{x^2}, hence x \cos (x)-\sin (x) <0 for x \in [0, \pi/2]
.@1rapidus He is not passing for intellectual. Kapish?
IYI Intellectual Yet Idiot struck a cord as it was obvious. *Intellectual Yet Philistine* is even worse. Idiot is ok, No Erudition is fatal
I use it all the time!
Morning coffee beats French wine. Here all steps are explicit. pic.twitter.com/eWyAltwXZw
Many seemingly Arabic names are in fact Aramaic.
It was initially hard with French desert wine. pic.twitter.com/r9USW62swv
Fixing it; will repost
Reposting
but weighted by 2/pi
Greek for many of us.
Many pple from Amioun who did these turned out to be Cretan.
Yesterday Aleppo
Assembly in Aleppo: you can see visibly Western Syrians, incl. Sunnis, are Mediterraneans/S. Europeans, not Arabs. pic.twitter.com/5SLaFsQ7BS
You mean Katharevoussa?
They are not in French French, but Medieval French, mostly different spell. I even have a French translation.
Rothkopf @djrothkopf is a fraud; I said it to his face here on twitter. @PALE_Primate @outsh1ned @MusicityManager @GenFlynn
I mean read books in
Aramaic, Hebrew, Medieval Italian
This is for help as I decipher rather than read Talm. Aramaic. I do select Daf Yomi in Aramaic/Heb on web
Not a classic in that sense. Classic means classic.
I feel I do not have soul in the game when 1) cutting corners, 2) reading a classic in a different language than original. Like cheating.
OK, OK, evidence of Seneca not far. @avisolo pic.twitter.com/FDKd5Z0CIi
Great. So my first proof works!
Should be >= in the exposition, not > as I realized one of the roots existed.
Right! Actually the entire problem needs to be rephrased. pic.twitter.com/swDssPf2uH
Optimization works; so does the tedious manual root checks. But this is to convince. pic.twitter.com/csL4S0Rfzq
I see x/y y/z z/a =1 ;  Now I am challenged by that crazy equality, to find an elegant way out.
Found an easier...TK
The 5 roots. Some are obvious, others need work. Not elegant, brute force. pic.twitter.com/4Tj5qQcvO4
Yes your usual questions are inequalities not strict.
There are no combinations giving strict equality, I need to tidy up proof.
Yes changed tweet to correction
THanks! Adding it.
Unless I made a typo/sign error, this should work pic.twitter.com/2HyCdGMjln
Too monotonous. Complete works on the lower shelf.
Done.
Never. I like the stuff.
Resolution: to go full Lindy for 2017; set 2 shelves. #LindyEffect @OrodruinR pic.twitter.com/gz6xgRSdCA
Yes! But it is unstable at the top in a competitive system.
Doubt it here
I am not Middle Eastern. Mediterranean is NOT Middle East
Can I cite your name?
I owe you a cappuccino (royalties per hardcover). BTW we can tawk abt next step as I've go material
What's FTE? Thx.
And Libanius who makes the same point was Syrian-Greek from Antioch, where gospels put together
Excellent!!!
I use twitter as scratchpad for the Appendix of Skin in the Game @JakeNabel pic.twitter.com/AplAJ6rLve
"L'émulation et la jalousie ne se rencontrent guère que dans les personnes du même art, de même talent et de même condition." LB @JakeNabel
Potters ency potters, carpenters envy carpenters... is in Hesiod
Hi; I will be there at 11 AM.
Who is PBO?
Himself Citing Aeschylus
"Econmsts praised Piketty's "erudition" for citing J. Austen; the equivalent to praising the weighlifting of someone carrying a briefcase"
(cont) Inequality: Envy doesn't travel geography and social classes pic.twitter.com/IHuX5uD6vc
Not every bald man with gray goatee would do.
The notion "no-one is a prophet in his own land" originates in Aristotle's Rhetoric. (Libanius,Autob.)  #inequality pic.twitter.com/WGVbJak94z
Milena, many of them will be soon driving cabs.
Milena, don't fight neocons. They are now a small minority of inconsequential low IQ thinktankers.
Syrians were Romans, Jews and Arabs were not. St Paul was Syrian.
add constraints: 3/2-a>=0 3/2-b>=0... a>=0 b>=0...
Concave.
The more data people show you, the more suspicious & intellectually vigilant you should be.  Added to Ineq. Chapter. pic.twitter.com/Fki4W2BqnU
Not proof as there is a constraint.
The proof can be redone graphically. The solution is in corners for the max, and center for min @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/QFmxEUIlMJ
We can actually prove 3 <= a^2+b^2+c^2 <=9/2 from KKT conditions for local minima/maxima.  Shd I show deriv?
Happy 2017 everybody. Hope the new year delivers to you something you deserve but did not dare to wish for.
Salute!
I've noticed you before as a nice person, Mr Bhatia. So let me suggest to consider tweets as aphorisms/proverbs.
Corrected typos & glad it passes the test of terrorism expert @MaxAbrahms pic.twitter.com/zINyihHzVw
fixed.
The author of the book is the boxer, high-flying adventurer, entrepreneur and mathematician @JustinWolfers @Caseyag1
Everything before the "but" is meant to be ignored by the speaker; and everything after the "but" should be ignored by the listener.
Kongrats! How old?
No! The ink shd be outside the pasta, not in it.
So you agree with my representation above.
Ch 8 of Skin in the Game, or How to put the head of a horse in your enemy's bed. Waiting for @MaxAbrahms to comment pic.twitter.com/I8vpZGXXHJ
Redo everything from the ground up yourself. Never use computerized metrics unless you've derived them @sleuthstock
Every time to failure. Actually calibrate failure at the 3rd to 5th rep.
Straight bar!
6) Year end 2016:  2017 Resolution 1: Finish Skin in the Game. 2017 Resolution 2: Deadlift 420. 2017 Resolution 3... pic.twitter.com/cmPtWWHmGA
Try the podcast By Robin Pearson,  The History of Byzantium @byzantiumcast
Yes see correction
Assuming 50% pr, (½)^{10} =1/1024 so decimal adj @CommonSense190 @ChateauEmissary
Bingo! He is right. But I asked individuals otherwise disconnected over 1 month.
Good thinking Yaman. But the result is robust enough for all manner of priors.
Klueless: The N is not "small". The probability of randomly getting 10 heads on 10 flips is <0.0001 @CommonSense190 @ChateauEmissary
This @moniker42 is mocking the idea
Like this @moniker42  Which is a reason to block all journos from your twitter feed. pic.twitter.com/LNaK1QO9fo
She is mentally unstable so please asad take me off this thread.
Imbecile, can I give you a stats exam on the spot?
Thanks! Where is this?
Two packages this PM pic.twitter.com/mIQUlH7xCr
Near East (Mediterranean) and Middle East are different areas historically, ethnically, and culturally. @MattheWrite @EHSANI22
When you read Syriac and (the few) Greek sources you get a different picture.
Of course I corrected for n=20. Learn some stats BEFORE tweeting.
That was my reaction to dialogue: - Why did Barack Hussain Obama betray the American public by financing AlQaeda? - Things are "complicated"
We asked Pinker Boy to back up his data & provide technical answers; his reply was *evasive* Englishmajor BS. pic.twitter.com/tkHaarn8DL
Things are never complicated if one has principles.
Wayn?
Indeed Mr. Fathi
True, but derivatives are elementary but lengthy, just like long hand divisions.
Showing first derivatives 0 (plus minima over range) is proof, albeit inelegant, no?
Is computerized aid permissible? Used minimization under constraint @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/TZrQf7dwtY
Hillary/Trump & Weightlifting;results are more significant (according to same norms) than 99% of published "science" pic.twitter.com/5qoWE7RTIa
Fucking idiot, what do you know about science? pic.twitter.com/SwIwpwr0gb
There is nothing empirical nor rigorous in use of psychoBS s.a. "Hedgehog/fox" outside of hunting. Kapish? @JackMcMackin
This is almost right. Can do manually with some finessing. @carlfischer101 pic.twitter.com/NeLa2CQNfq
Men in both
At gym: Asked weightlifters in basement if they voted Trump. 9 voted Trump, 1 Johnson. Upstairs, bourgeois floor (machines), 10/10 Hillary.
Clean + Presses I think work best. I just did some this morning & felt everything partook of lift, especially press part.
I don't like substance. I leave it to CNN. @FridaGhitis @BibekKafle12
I have discussed in The Black Swan 2nd ed. how Friedman & similar BS vendors got complexity backward. @BibekKafle12 @FridaGhitis
Full body effort (sq/DL) at your 5 Max Rep (ALL muscles/bones challenged) switch gear via hormones or other. It's informational. @gzibordi
She is klueless. The Christians invited Assad in 1976; then Kataeb betrayed him w/Israel.
Was in Akkadian In Latin/Greek near but diff homonyms  ≠ meaning In Semitic/Engl near homonyms often synonyms. @DeadLiftCapital @elie2222
wrong skin coloring by the reconstruction.
Akkadian: darasu=> to pound. Syriac: both samekh Aramaic: samekh for one,shin other Arabic: both shin @elie2222 pic.twitter.com/nFmcHt8IOF
will give dets later today am outside my library
D-R-SH to grind, Ders, Ar for molar
Root is DBR to speak. So perhaps "تدبر" = to recite or read out loud.
I wish I knew
One minor problem is that the Product ^n=1 should be ^n+1
Sorry needed coffee.  Thanks! pic.twitter.com/U4r1fzSbZw
Voila pic.twitter.com/MI3NwKzusu
Syrian author Ammianus Marcellinus describes the tribes of (now) East Syria: borders is along today's  Syrian war. pic.twitter.com/1pmIIC4Zey
Convexity effects of rereading pic.twitter.com/t7QT5HIGgW
I had in mind the more complicated version 1/n \Sigma a_k >= Pi (a_k)^{1/n}
Don't bother, Alexander, I block trolls automatically.
OK, solved (after some tinkering) @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/UhFkhUNSFk
This requires Product[a_i]^n=1 and Product[a_i]^{n-1}=1 as well We can't induct this way.
need to do n=3
don't a_k need to be positive?
Like this pic.twitter.com/i5KKRsXih9
Will redo on the train starting from inequalities and inducting
AM/GM inequality, the second >= s.b. =
Right! Inadvertently worked with Sum a_i=1.
Wealth is not zero sum, inequality is by definition. @thoreau_devotee
Under a total of 1%, if additive & independent, just add them. Otherwise string p (1-p) etc.
Fucking idiot by removing govt it would have been much worse
mobility !
The initial condition independence is for your own ergodic probs.
Idiosyncratic variation, small. Idea is that if born poor you *can* be rich, even in proba changes slightly
Barack Hussain Obama: Created 10 Tr debt for ~11 m jobs Left us w/0000 more terrorists; he FUNDED AlQaeda. All talk. pic.twitter.com/gOMxDHAEsV
Look at is as follows. The probabilities may depend on individuals, so diff matrices, but each one not on initial conditions
thx! Will reply tomorrow
Of course!
Thanks!
On his own tax return? Come on
Also consider that it is bot good for your future liabilities to spread fake reviews.
Before the bot blocks you Mr Hanrahan can you explain what makes a low level hack an arbiter of intelligence?
Apocryphal but likely realist
Most then were Christians from Western Syria /Coastal Levant
Here he is @GadSaad pic.twitter.com/1SlpPpES1G
.@PetarLalovic Commission is NOT SITG
Excellent! This is Gigerenzer's method.
Only if you don't risk it
Hmmm Lindy is absence of absorption. All that's ergodic is not Lindy, all that's Lindy needs to be ergodic.
Inequality & #SkinintheGame, Ergodicity or why Trump's financial difficulties helped election. Fixed Typos. Thanks! pic.twitter.com/V38h3XtXwi
Inequality and #SkinintheGame,  or why Trump's financial difficulties helped election. For comments. Thanks! pic.twitter.com/5qIqSJUFNJ
which bookstore? Which section?
You mean there was a smear campaign agst Flynn because of his moral stand against AlQaeda by anonymous pple like you? @outsh1ned @GenFlynn
Lindy
And an unsuccessful analyst w/no academic record on minimu wage is now a judge of "intelligence"?
My motto is "Never give crap and never take crap".  Version of the Golden/Silver rules to treat others the way you want to be treated. #SITG
This assumes I am offended.
I deleted a retweet bec. 1 of the 2 pictures was suspicious. Everyone here with self respect as a scholar or researcher shd do the same.
.@BenDiFrancesco @SEmpiricus @MaxCRoser Pasquale and I are putting a chapter on fake empiricism under fat tails  @DrCirillo
Shiites PROTECT Christians.
Nothing is totally insignificant; one needs to scale changes because doubling of violence is meaningless.
Where is zis from?
More precisely: every 1/10^-5 rise in crime lowers LE by .0065 of a STD (since STD ~10y). In other words, effect is *invisible* @MaxCRoser
God Bless You, Michael Flynn @GenFlynn. Turned out that he paid for his opposition to Obama's support for AlQaeda! pic.twitter.com/vbExFLS8Ko
Christmas in Aleppo: the will to live by a community Obama tried to eradicate. (Removed suspicious earlier pic) pic.twitter.com/nENwYLqVQo
You looked up 1/100,000 diff in mortality throughout & impact on LE. The net will be my number.
To be polite, Daniel Dennet is not a good person to consult abt what is and what is not science, rigor,& probabilistic inference @Pianomover
Scientism is to science what a Ponzi scheme is to an investment.
These things are like Damocles' sword. Only a matter of time.
It is 6.5% of a year of LE, <.02 STD of LE Hopefully @MaxCRoser will learn some probability before pounding us w/framed data.
Why I spent 2 years reading 7 lines per month of legal books. Intro to #skininthegame pic.twitter.com/IC1EvIoqWu
Buon Natale!
made a konstant equivalent
You good. Very good.
yes, because of convexity
My attempt at the solution. pic.twitter.com/HKphFYrbXc
Mr AlHethail, do you think that because some lowIQ Wahhabi heaps primitive abuse on twitter, I will immediately duck,or convert?@AlhethailMs
Tiny percentage population, usually Greek on coast. Most center Memphis, Thebes higher in Nile Valley
So publisher sending contract for technical book with @DrCirillo (pending subtitle). We need to start working. pic.twitter.com/nJEvoX051p
Egyptian.
How to NEVER engage Salafascists or AlQaeda covert promoters, as they will try to label you so you get ostracized. pic.twitter.com/ba8r5W4NMc
Ahal al mawakeb alHusayniyat Shi3a am Sunna?
250 - Ok 350- Strong 450- Alpha strong
Bullshitter. Where Xtians were minority, there were frequent pogroms. Only Ottomans protected them. See Damascus 1860! @NasserIbnHamad
Mr Hamad, you need to explain logically why being agst Salafascists is "racist"& "hatred" @NasserIbnHamad not random negative words from dic
Mr Ibn Hamad you need to go to some civilized place to take a class in logic before tweeting further incoherence. @NasserIbnHamad
Explain *rationally* what is "racist" in exposing Salafis, a religious sect that DISCRIMINATES agt "infidels" & kills them @NasserIbnHamad
BS: Religious Sunnis are the ones who are biased against the rest of us "kafir". Shiites sing  Christmas carols in churches! @BIZRIOmar
Who are you BSing? He respects Issa of the Quran yet calls Christians "infidels" (kuffars) & bans you from exchanging greetings. @BIZRIOmar
Thanks!
I tend to block pple who post BS on twitter. @ArthurShuey @FriedrichHayek
I mean separation church and state
Imbecile, did you see how they define "Arabs"?  Imbecile, think before posting with my handle or you get blocked.
But there is 1) circularity, 2) credentialization, 3)how "large" the effect quantified
I'd like to gage effect/"p-value" (adj by me), put under scrutiny
Josephus (correction prev was not Ammianus Marc.) pic.twitter.com/J9HWLR0CB9
Was also in war
Kitium
Julia Domna, Julia Maesa, Ealagabalus again (Homs) pic.twitter.com/I3l9HpwMgv
And Zeno, Posidonius, and Ammianus Marcellinus who were Syro-Phoenicians pic.twitter.com/HiImS6rYnb
It had !
Here are: Lucian (Syrian),  Philip the Arab (who was Syrian, not Arab), Elagabalus (Syrian). BBC=BS @karimbitar pic.twitter.com/0gt4WeNp8R
This is Septimus Severus who was W Semitic. Clearly these imbeciles on BBC don't know nothing @karimbitar pic.twitter.com/HSK8iOtfAM
This is Caracalla, 100% "Semitic" blood, Father Phoenician mother Syrian from Homs. @karimbitar pic.twitter.com/AeiApv4Rt6
This is how Hannibal, of W. Semitic stock ~ Jews, 2 c before Jesus looked like @karimbitar  (conf by contemp coins) pic.twitter.com/IgdQpRScWx
Any paper link? Thanks.
Yes there was a longitudinal study, the Terman. Effect rather weak if acct for credentialization
Jesus would not have voted for neocon hawks, Salafi regimes, rent seeking "educated" bureaucrats & state-worshipping IYIs @karimbitar
Convex risk taking
you call that ....science?
&... body hair!
I meant psycholophasters @JamesPsychol @AndrewPMunro
The philosophasters "proved" that high IQ kids "succeed" by getting PhDs & tenure: a circular def of success. @JamesPsychol @AndrewPMunro
The beginning of SITG!
Never ever engage a Salafi. Block them.
Fucking idiot Israel is not trying to behead my people, don't compare to Islamists.
Armenians were Persian vassals under Calligula->Nero
Actually Seil might mean river, body of water in Western Semitic/Punic
There are plenty of recent papers also documenting.
2) Mr Sezgin, in addition to refs & genetics, can't tell diff betw Turks & Armenians, Kurds,W. Syrian, or Ionian Greeks by looks @MhmtEminS
1) Mr Sezgin, Cavalli-Sforza et al. The History and Geography of Human Genes. Do you have better ref? @MhmtEminS @ektrit @vicmandrake
Iraq and Eastern Syria are not in the Levant
Mainstream Media @gpbfinance
Half exception
MSM are low IQ to argue ag US-Russian normalization on grounds Putin is"autocratic". Because China, SaudiBarbaria... pic.twitter.com/ouL4H2EHEt
Copts/Maronites/Armenians bought into a theology because they didn't want to be Greco-Romans; Iranians didn't want to be Arabs. @mgpolitis
Dear @KetchumPR, why did you stop smear campaign agst me/posting fakenews/mailing fake letters to NYU [on behalf of Monsanto] early in 2016?
So is Western Syria, the cities.
Investigated. Anatolia is largely Turkish speaking Greeks/Medes/Armenians, non Turkic blood.
Germany had two different cultures, but subcultures.
In Ireland, it is ethnic. I suspect the Irish wd have switched to restoration if the English stayed Catholic. @vicmandrake
Roman Empire/Mediterranean culture vs fringes, no?
Many don't get schisms are ETHNIC: Alawi, Shiite vs Sunni; Coptic, Maronite, Armenian, Syriac vs Greek Orth. The theology is epiphenomenal.
We can look at details. Robert will present his technique of MaxDD during the seminar
Bullshit
What is it with?
The rule applies to businesses with skin in the game problems. @jhackIV
Drawdowns can only be compared if they correspond to one specific period. If fractal then scaling @financequant
Squid ink pic.twitter.com/749z8LaMma
@caitlinrgreen Much older/more Western than Arabic, most certainly punic pic.twitter.com/8mzOSe2ehw
The best researcher is the one who hates academia, the best politician the one who hates politics, best bureaucrat one who hates bureaucracy
Not what I meant. I meant as a journal that publishes papers s.a. those by @philipbstark
Linda problem means here that the statement doesn't reveal TheDonald's preferences rather the distribution of facial hair in population.
The answer is  5- Information Theory
It does, perhaps typo, will check. Thanks/
In other words,if among pple Trump likes, there aren't that many pple w/facial hair, it's because there aren't many w/facial hair in biz/gov
No, I am light sensitive.
Can't touch it.
Reminder: I block journos who use my handle/clutter my feed @thebamoor @mbaram @_SidVerma @TheStalwart @MarcHochstein @ejenk @MazMHussain
Bingo! Information Theoretic view of things.
INCERTO 1- FBR Noise/Signal 2- TBS Tail events 3- Procrustes - Aphorisms 4- Antifragile - Convexity/Asymmetry 4b- Skin in the Game 5- Guess
Isn't the other side also abt dictatorship?  @andresbejar3
Hi. You can ask Alicia for a scholarship.
Imbecile, go give your  unsollicited advice to someone else. @VernonGlobal
fuckoff
Make a guess
That was before deadlifts. Today I would have broken the table.
This is Bullshit. STD doesn't work in fat tails.
Max, meet @DrCirillo my coauthor in the paper exposing Pinker boy. We should collaborate on tail properties of terrorism.
Statistics is NOT counting past events; sample mean != true mean. That applies even more to terrorism. @DrCirillo @TedGnuchev
I've known that heuristic since I started trading. "Never hire a well dressed option trader", DH 1996
The diff is Muslim Brotherhood is a competitor of Wahabis
All of it, by paper and pen.
Algeria had its share!
Infinite for variance, undefined for mean for 2 tailed, infinite for 1 tailed
2) The biggest mistake with fat tails is that people (even statisticians) conflate "infinite variance" & "infinite variations"  @DrCirillo
.@stampede331 @Ayan_Dutta1981 Why don't you fuck off and go read some author to satisfy your agenda.
By writing... history books @byzantinepower
.@jmaron9  ~ALL  is never ALL, which IS the Black Swan idea.
Mr Ehrlich you didn't get FBR and Mr Dutta did.
Starting to work with @DrCirillo on the Fat Tails book. Reverse engineered to help answer my exam questions. pic.twitter.com/uxkgyJF8yL
#FooledbyRandomness is abt how many successful businessmen are not as skilled as we think. But I hold that ~all bureaucrats are unskilled.
Fucking imbecile, can't you separate JUSTICE/FAIRNESS from SAFETY/RISK?  African Americans aren't terrorists.
5) Statistical inference using background information/conditional probability, alas, cannot be made to be politically correct. Live with it.
4) Point of risktaking: had the perpetrator been a German librarian, the pseudoleft police would have kept using it for the rest of my life
What would that entail?
no, of course
Only vice versa @MCasiyo
3)Turned out that I was right about the "religion". I like to stick my neck before info is public, just for existential riskloving reasons.
Watch @Charles_Lister trying to demonize @TulsiGabbard as her bill against AlQaeda cooperation will put him in jail. pic.twitter.com/mmZKaNzkCd
Imbecile, have you looked at my skin?
The only terrorrist act in West by a Shiite in past few years was a German-Iranian NeoNazi Arian supremacist @ignaziano @RUFl0
A drunken driver would have had his problem before the market.  Eastern Europeans... rare but outlier @robert_we
Simply 99% of such acts are by Salafascists. A deranged German yoga instructor is possible, but very low probability.
This is not a financial speculation, but a statistical risk profile.
What is the price of the bet? 51-49?
Mr Kessler, your reasoning abilities do not seem developed @OrenKessler Search for evidence/trail is NOT a conspiracy theory, even reverse.
This is the murder of an emissary. Best example in 491BC Spartans executing/throwing down Persian embassy down the well. @holland_tom
Mr Kessler you were not discussing my scholarship (you can't) but my listing AQaeda operatives in Think Tanks. #incoherent @OrenKessler
6) "Intellectuals" are still under severe emotional distress; it's not just Trump.The anxiety of seeing their map of reality upside down.
Fat Tony to N: Vilify *harmful* assholes for pleasure, to keep your training. But when you strike for revenge, wait, then do it only once.
I got a "journo" who spreads fake news about Syria @borzou to defend himself by spreading #fakenews about me! @GuruAnaerobic @EHSANI22
IEEE
I love Kahneman. Not Thaler.
Thanks! Signed in.  Those who want to register, mail address: Remember911@fooledbyrandomness.com @dellajoNYC
Thanks! Signed up! @MakeAusGr8Again
Fundamentalism starts with being literal about beliefs. @JAnthonyWare
Starting a register/tracking AlQaeda think tank & journos agents 1) Sources of funds 2) Positions on Yemen/Syria... Volunteers. Funded by ME
Nicene Creed: from Credere (or in Greek Pisteuo) doesn't mean epistemic belief but doxastic, commitment to trust.  @JAnthonyWare
Ryan, the dogma of atheism is thinking beliefs *of others* are epistemic & LITERAL, like e=mc^2, not allegorical & functional @funtime_bobby
Merci!
Well kept secret: for selfowned people, unlike the rest, the ability to make money (hence make decisions) does not really decline with age.
Fucking ignorant idiot this is not multivariate and a bound is precisely robustness. Ignorant.
The paper pic.twitter.com/I4tQKiPOe2
Finally, paper done. Found the exact bound for price of binary estimate & volatility of electoral vote! 538 klueless pic.twitter.com/utxXoe4T6A
To do what? Aerospace? Advanced technologies? It is the most backward piece of land on the planet.
I blocked the fellow. I hate my skepticism to flip absence of evidence the wrong way in tail-risk domains.
3/Trading and real science (not science journalism/college scientism) are same. Feynman:"Science is the belief in the ignorance of experts."
Hervé, les atheniens, pas les romains.
Mr Walsh, when you have time, can you show us what YOU did?
"Bulls make money Bears make money Sheep get slaughtered." Fat Tony, in #Skininthegame
Best training ever for rigor & critical reasoning is...TRADING. You can ONLY survive long term by going against wrong CONSENSUS by "experts"
Best training ever for rigor & critical reasoning is...TRADING. You can ONLY survive long term by going against wrong CONSENSUS by experts
Then sorry I thought you were one of the 100s policy wonks harrassing me on behalf of AlQeda.
No, it turned out, it was rather Christianity. The Romans destroyed their social structure.
No, imbecile, it is how religions interact w/non Moslems (takfiris), not their eschatology. @ericswerdlin
The Romans treated harshly religions that *rejected* other rituals (s.a. Christianity). For the rest, everything goes.  @crd37
Looking into it!
The East Aleppo Rebels ARE Al Qaeda. American elites are either idiots or influenced by PR shills for Saudi Barbaria. @JohnGeard
Iran/Shiites vs West is geopolitics, w/social-religious tolerance. Salafis vs West is social-religious incompatibility (hidden by oil $)!
Right, and Christianity under Diocletian, etc. But it was for "threat to the state" or incompatibility w/other rites & refusal .
Only allowed homeopathy in place of placebo for restricted circumstance. Rationalwiki is fake news! @borzou @GuruAnaerobic @EHSANI22
Fabricator @borzou is using fake news rationalwiki. This is what I WROTE abt Homeopathy @GuruAnaerobic @EHSANI22 pic.twitter.com/J4NeSpfRqs
5) Gray discussed 19th C Russian writers who were like me, both Orthodox & classical pagans,  e.g.  Merezhkovsky
4) Pagans unlike monotheists and atheists don't have heresies.
3) A long, 4 hour conversation with Isiah Berlin would consist in 3 hours and 50 minutes of gossip.
2/ Michael Oakeshot the philosopher of small "c" conservatism had at some point six mistresses, all wives of leftist professors.
1/ Conversation with John Gray.  Any "thinker" who strays from the allowed script experiences something similar to leprosy.
John Gray flaneuring at the Met pic.twitter.com/6qVRSfzoka
John Gray in New York for some flaneuring in spite of the weather. pic.twitter.com/LRj4FiGod0
All this idiot can find is a Monsanto funded smear campaign in blog posts ag. peer reviewd paper... ha
He is giving you the LITERALISTS definition of Bid3a which is STRAYING FROM THE LITERAL. Kapish?
All done, 2 so far.
*By definition* a Salafi is *not allowed* to think in a way that strays an inch from the 7 C. "ancestors" Generations not allowed to think!
What are you fabricating this morning, Nadim? We need @MaxAbrahms to give you a coffee-like shot of realism & scale.
"In the box GMOs" yes works very very well as no tail risk/complexity effects. @MellowOchre
All Mediterranean, Semitic more specifically,
My problem is that as bad as Hitler's Nazis were, Salafism is one order of magnitude worse, e.g. ISIS. @XFaure
Jihad is positive; in Arabic means the exact opposite: effort for improvement => Ijtihad = improve religion. @InternetHindus
The "left"s infatuation w/AlQaeda can be broken by a LABEL Islamofascism is unfair (incl Shiites & secular Sunnis)
"fascist" has a high connotation among libs, they don't like association.
What's wrong with Salafinazi?
Meeting the anonymous @EHSANI22 for a conversation about the IYIs we have been fighting on twitter. pic.twitter.com/sL8fU29L9d
Techne episteme. We messed up the balance! @TheMainstand
Educated in 1860 was educated Today educated is starting to be overeducated & brainwashed, just like overfed, overprotected, & overmedicated
Fake journalists/Al-Qaeda apologists s.a. @borzou call pple "sectarian" and "racist" when exposed, use identity politics to hide @EHSANI22
Baathist, secular SUnni
It all started that because pseudolefts are swayed by terms, to use Islamofascism, unfair for Islam. Now Salafifascism works. @Priapus_D
Actually the Grozny meeting came up with that conclusion
We need a sect/designation "Sunni nonWahabi" to simplify. @Priapus_D
They play hard geopolitics but they are socially tolerant to Christians.
My point is to narrow down the designation "Islam" to specific sects that include Wahabis and Salafis, exclude Shiites who have none of that
Tom, here is John of Damascus who lived under Umayads pic.twitter.com/kAMUzdMTf8
.@holland_tom @Super_ayatollah @RussianCarousel @JingDoc Tom this one can download from Univ. pic.twitter.com/kMgXhlBjIb
Blocking you.
It was because 90% of Syria under Omayads was Christian/Jewish
I know. My ancestors were. But they used us but were not tolerant.
Umayad was NOT tolerant.
Wrong Friedman. This guy is the son of Milton F, he is a physicist who does law and economics.
Why did he change my skin color?
Plus Christianity
You are not Jihadi
Friends, does anyone knows well Popper's explicit discussion of "causality"? Well enough to summarize in a tweet?
In @newtgingrich IYI mvt, identify operatives giving cover to Al Qaeda/Jihad: @shadihamid @MiddleEastInst @borzou pic.twitter.com/hmvMKww70K
Yamm
.@HappyRussians I was being censored IN NEW YORK for a US book!
.@alejand06640904 @PVanderHallen Marsalia Marsa-El comes from port of God in Phoenicien. Ramatuelle: Ramat El, Hill of God
My 2016 fights: GMOs, DONE (biz is busting) IYI academobureaucrats, DONE (in mourning/hiding) Islamofascist shills, IN PROGRESS Good year!
Shadi Hamid's positions shows that he wants the U.S. to send help to ALQAEDA of Sept 11. He is a cryptoIslamist. Shame! @KS1729 @shadihamid
From the nitpicking, looks that as much as you claim to dislike me & everything I stand for, you ~agree with my points.
A good thing!
I name names elsewhere & uncover think tank fabricators. Check twitter feed @falameufilho
yes it was. There were different colonies across.
Marseilles (Marsa) and Ramatuelle are Phoenician names @ekinilvalentino
There were Phoenician settlements among the Ionians, such as Miletus. There were also (I suspect) in Crete @alejand06640904 @PVanderHallen
Phoenicians came from East. Greeks from North. Kapish?
Read tweet as: Greeks mostly East, Phoenicians mostly West. @InjuredThales @PVanderHallen
Predominantly Sunni may be better. Thanks
Plus Ibiza, Cadix, Catalunia, etc.  It is an overall tendency. The Phoenicians were pushed West by the Greeks.  @PVanderHallen
Greek settls: Lybia, Syria, Alexandria, E Sicily, S Italy. Phoenicians: N. Africa, Spain, Malta, Sardinia, Corsica, W Sicily @PVanderHallen
The absurdity is that Hannibal, a Phoenician from the West, took refuge in Syria, which was then Greek.
Mediterranean du Jour: The Phoenicians had a tendency to build settlements West and North.  The Greeks went South and East.
Which imbecile said I paraphrased Dali?
Alas we are "preposterous imbeciles". Not smart like you to work as hacks on min wage.
Nadim I thought you would get some training in rational argument after Max dressed you down last summer. Try again.
Take no chances. Cut carbs but episodic fasting. It is a free option!
For many brain tumors, there is statistical significance. But no clear result for others yet because very few trials. @saifedean @ascarbs
@The_Red Please explain
If civilians keep dying it is largely because of Jihadism.
Les journalistes francais ne savent pas faire la difference entre affaires et rentes de situation etatique.
You may not get rich by being honorable; but you will probably stay rich by being upright.
.@IsikOzturkeri This was corrected in V2. My spellchecker defauts to SaudiBarbaria
Thanks! Corrected. It was automatic for me...
A more rigorous look at the Syrian conflict (Version 2, corrected thanks to comments) pic.twitter.com/1aPbYM4Psi
Table is comparative: As bad as left column (Assad) can be, there's nothing on right col (rebels) that is not worse pic.twitter.com/o4VaMwOM5I
Draft of a table to make the Syrian conflict clear & remove propaganda financed by SaudiBarbaria pic.twitter.com/Dvf7AJ59lN
Robert Fist has the courage to debunk the MSM bullshit. Your rebels "heroes" slaughtered civilians pic.twitter.com/KnGBJAtdtU
Assad the father blew up our house in Amioun in 1982. Yet I will not use this to stand w/the Jihadis.  @DalrympleWill
Even my friend the great & insightful William Darlymple fell for alQaeda propaganda. These are Qaeda fighters.   @DalrympleWill
Most authors I was told complied. I assume hundreds kept their mouth shut. Not me. @yangfulei
"Assad genocidal soldiers"? You are ALSO supporting Jihadi propaganda and AlQaeda?  Despicable, you are.
Intransigent is a value thing.
Lindy Effect: if you make it 1000 years you have >95% chance proba to make it 2000 @holland_tom
The outrage is that a *US* author has his books *sold in the US* censored by the government of China because the book is printed there!
Someone said that I am intransigent because I have F*** You money. No no no I have F*** You money because I have always been intransigent.
NZ?
... εἰ γὰρ αὐτῆς πειρήσαιο, οὐκ ἂν δόρασι συμβουλεύοις ἡμῖν περὶ αὐτῆς μάχεσθαι, ἀλλὰ καὶ πελέκεσι.”@jgmahoney @saifedean
"Had you tasted freedom you would not fight with spears, but even with axes!"
Almost, Eileen, almost. We ended up under the Arabs !
Tried, no bacon
Any human who decides to voluntarily become a slave for enhanced lifestyle will *always* stay a slave, regardless of wealth. @saifedean
Newt's position repeatedly is that Trump should avoid hiring IYIs.  @GadSaad @newtgingrich @seanhannity
It is F*** You Temperament!
Printer of #Antifragile in China asked me to replace "Taiwan" w/"China, Taiwan". I (angrily) said "No censorship!" pic.twitter.com/CDqcBV4fnW
Yes, #skininthegame, but not necessarily everywhere pic.twitter.com/nPcuCJmWda
We absolutely need to start working on rigorous historiography
Reviewers/BSvendors have trouble getting real life & why I will not let them review my next book @Scaramucci pic.twitter.com/yCcv1DdB4G
aya wa7ad?
About anyone who knows anything in finance spent time w/Wall Street firms. I worked for 5 (UBS,CSFB) yet fiercely independent  @Scaramucci
I am certain that I tried harder to be a better son & parent.
bien sur!
Dans quelle langue?
plus Gibbon
5 additional books I recommended pic.twitter.com/hhRW6Kabtg
THE GORDIAN KNOT: Why Donaldo should never hire an academic economist except to take exams. pic.twitter.com/ucfbDqe863
You can manipulate the uncorruptible by giving him the chance to refuse a bribe.
You can grease the palm of the uncorruptible by giving him the chance to refuse a bribe.
12 months @Jmanos195Manos
Waited 12 m for this: Amsterdam has, for the nondietaryfatphobic, the best steak in the world (Holstein). pic.twitter.com/Wai9d048Y8
You can start filtering out Mainstream Media by blocking any article  w/"populist" or "populism" in it,  citing someone from a think tank.
Great point, also brought up by @alxpr1c3
Rich people aren't necessarily incorruptible; but they can be much, much more expensive to bribe.
You in Amsterdam?
Bravo!
Physicists take something complicated & make it simpler. Psychologists take something very complicated & make it even more complicated.
Please do!
Gerd est tres interessant!
Transforming an unbounded into a bounded martingale (by Ito's lemma), thanks to airline delays. pic.twitter.com/LXxzhTh4k8
The episodic John Gray appreciation dinner w/ @BryanAppleyard @rorysutherland & McGilchrist at Gray's favorite rest pic.twitter.com/vz3a4PRLYv
Another squid ink risotto. Pasta is better. pic.twitter.com/fMdTF5DkUk
Squid ink risotto pic.twitter.com/y4a0V6PzIm
The point of paying is to guarantee a room: no optionality. There is an asymmetry: if the client cancels he pays... not them! @Expedia
No. The room smells of cigarette.
Beware @Expedia. Prepaid a suite in London, very late arrival &... the hotel sends me to another part of town, tiny room w/o refund.
not here
during!
Dear @stevenstrogatz , an accolade coming from a mathematician is worth >10^3 compliments by other mortals.
You refer to him as such in at least 4 instances. Who are you bullshitting?
no, imbecile, look more
The day flight to London. pic.twitter.com/aWy6RcaK2Z
Exactly: "People are better neighbors than roommates"  @JohnGaltPattaya
Fucking idiot look at your Tyranny tweet of Nov 28.
Mr @borzou-fabricator, did you realize you called Trump a tyrant when he has never held office. Did they have basic IQ screening at the FT?
Not the same root. NAQ (long A) vs NQ7
Philology du Jour: a word (the obvious) that has survived 4000 years in Semitic languages. "N***" in Akkadian... pic.twitter.com/f9ig37tszx
Ok, OK then.
If, against experience, you still read the #NYT, remember it was the conveyor of the most destructive fake news: Iraq. @nyinvesting @han0z
#SkinintheGame shows how, in absence of saints, we'd rather pick the rich (contact w/reality), to those who *want* to get rich. @Scaramucci
Hi. Who is LKY?
Yes, Gibbon has mistakes. So does Thucydides! On top of his skeptical charm, he led me to find holes in his acct. My favorite prose style!
@byzantinepower pic.twitter.com/3gbBUI1u0J
where u?
When I stood next to H's code felt knowing it in Akkadian & reciting it w/original sounds. Code abt #skininthegame requires authenticity. pic.twitter.com/4ggFhO8K6v
I am looking at it. But not easy to read.
People are starting to understand the difference between "denocracy" and governance @normonics @bill_easterly
Only Gibbon: Twenty-two acknowledged concubines, and a library of sixty-two thousand volumes, attested the variety.. pic.twitter.com/GeCTFO9cyc
When people ask me "what should I read", I used to avoid responding. Now, here is something necessary in anyone's ed pic.twitter.com/mxmabxeiTG
in Skin in the Game
COMPLEX SYSTEMS: Problem of Oslo is top-down (diplomatic) solution for bottom-up problem. @yaneerbaryam pic.twitter.com/KNQCgGTzx8
A visit to the NYU Philosophy department (logic) wd confirm that butchering, whether for 8 or 15 y, = butcher. Kapish? @ianbremmer
In cuneiform script?
hihi, yes in Antigragile
Thanks. I was looking for transliteration of Accadian
I mean transliteration of the Accadian.
Thanks, I have this but it is easier when you know the exact Semitic guttural. 7et or 3ayin, etc. Speakers vary for Gilgamesh.
Friends, anyone knows of a transcription of the Accadian of Hammurabi's Law into Hebrew or another Semitic script?
@ianbremmer Imbecile is Sharia law democratic? Imbecile.
De Finetti was a smart cookie. How to forecast elections. pic.twitter.com/w7d050sQgT
"lost?" WTF are you supporting Sharia?
Not under globalization
The tragedy of our time is the monoculture of ideas: all people are forced to believe the *same*  bullshit.
She kicked her husband out!
done.
Voila! "Small is beautiful" in the moralists! Vauvenargues: "men are not born to love large things". #LindyEffect pic.twitter.com/W7WsC0cahK
Ready! pic.twitter.com/losrlULOtl
Mr Borzou Daragahi, it is much, much more difficult to bullshit a statistician than your followers. Kapish?   @borzou
Read the tweet two or three more times, between Uber rides, think, think, then respond. Kapish?
Why don't you burn them and post pictures?
Aggregate
No
.@bardiasoroudi @NoahRFeldman Violating law of logic: if some professors help doesn't mean school is monopoly for humanities. Pitiful arg,
Looks like Riemann surfaces. pic.twitter.com/qZUNkmkAfq
Found "less is more" (ag bigdata) in ancients #LindyEffect  "Nimium allercando veritas amittilur" Publ Syr  Excess details[words] hide truth
Spec rel. "Started 1905?" Published 1905.
Bernanos was not a "curé de campagne", he just wrote a "journal d'un curé de campagne"
Actually I showed in #Antifragile the biggest intellectual productions came from country priests (s.a.Bayes)  @alexgiannotti @GhassanDahhan
Nerds do NOT understand #skininthegame. "Life is not about winning an argument [with a nerd like you] but about winning." @NoahRFeldman
If you knew more latin & logic you'd realize that  equating academia to authority IS ad hominem. @jtepper2 @NoahRFeldman @ChinchewPalsu
Words that describe unerudite IYIs like you who think Harvard doesn't provide ZERO intellectual credibility  @NoahRFeldman @ChinchewPalsu
Elnlightenment: Diderot Voltaire Rousseau Hume d'Allembert were NOT academics. Sorbonne was for idiots. @OriginalRamsFan @NoahRFeldman
Fucking idiot it takes half a century (Lindy) to know about influence. @NoahRFeldman @ChinchewPalsu
Leibniz was trained as a legal scholar. He learned math in his mid 20s and (co) invented Calculus @GhassanDahhan
Influential thinkers were scholars but NOT in academia: Darwin Marx Einstein (relativity) Freud Mandelbrot.. @ChinchewPalsu @NoahRFeldman
By turning my idea into a tautology?
You forgot the "subsequently"..."from commercial activity". An idiot playing strawman with me?@BorisMarkovich
In Levant, Dik Habash, meaning Ethiopian
Is McFarland a neocon or close to neocons or likely to mutate into a neocon?  [Please corrigere my Latin]
IYI profs want you to believe one cannot read books without them; just like Taxi groups resist uber. Read classics. @ja_furman @NoahRFeldman
People who get good grades in "prestigious" nonSTEM majors are just signaling high ability to bullshit. @JamesMarsh79
Nothing was funding since the fund went to 0. Counterparties synchronized the liquidations. @MarcoCraveiro @mattyglesias
LTCM was NOT a TAXPAYER bailout, but a Fed-coordinated liquidation w/counterparts & banks. Kapish?   @MarcoCraveiro @mattyglesias
Does Exterendum <= extere means extend, perhaps generalize?
#LindyEffect: 2y of INCERTO Fooled by Randomness (blue) is 16 y.o., TBS ~10. 99.9% of bestsellers don't survive 2y. pic.twitter.com/eIZ2trE2mC
The meta question: is the news that Russia is spreading fake news fake news.
He said 250,000 dead in Serbia Bosnia. How many actual?
No. Thankfully.
@alxpr1c3  He said 250K. The real number appears to be 15K, no?
Ian, you should man up: stop whining, and cease to play arbiter of "adulthood". Will feel better. @ianbremmer
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! My 36th: I came to America to embrace the system & pledged to defend it. Will keep defending it. With Gratitude
Any document?
@alxpr1c3 Trump's The Art of the Deal.
Plausible, mais c'est une habitude de Beyrouth, ville mixte, pas du reste du pays.
Is it me or is the Beaujolais Nouveau 2016 very very good?
Yes, it is the probability distribution of the sigmoid transform!
Actually limit is 0 on both bounds.
PV (int-a^b, limit a->0,b->1)
Huffington Post, please explain *propaganda*. If you can. Thank you.@HuffPostGreece @HuffingtonPost pic.twitter.com/AwU0YWkhNX
No Huffington Post. pic.twitter.com/v6FSUimAkx
Syriac version Malalas <= "eloquent" pic.twitter.com/I1WZJveNBJ
Levantine du Jour: The Great John Malalas had Aramaic name: Malal = orator. (New dictionary) pic.twitter.com/Y4PBrDlbkK
The ugliest of humans looks better than the prettiest cockroach;  the worst of businessmen looks more real than any professional politician.
Not a problem. It is authorized to replicate but not to pose as if I was one of their writers.
Fuck off
Media idiots don't realize that Alt-Right people are far, far more moderate than the "moderate" Salafi Islamists they are protecting! Shame.
World finally discovering that "experienced" &"professional" politicians are just as desirable as professional lovers, that is, prostitutes.
BTW there is no diff between risk and uncertainty. Just degrees of metaprobability.
About 1/2 of a University course, not counting our many scholarships.
Levantine Philology du Jour: Possi cenam stabis aut passus mille meabis =>  تغدا و تمدا ، تعشا و تمشا
Anyway you get all right there.
Yes OK but the seminar is lighter.
Neocons
4) Since Obama took office # of Christians in Syria/Mesopotamia down by 60-80%. Many still speak the lang of Christ, ethnically cleansed.
Cognitive biases are psycholobullshit, unless mentioned in ancient lit  #lindyeffect @CAM_SMlTH @Alex_Walshy @seanmcarroll @ValaAfshar
It is called fooled by randomness. This is *exactly* mistaking probability for certainty. @Alex_Walshy @seanmcarroll @ValaAfshar
Cardiologist gives lipitor because of law suit if he doesn't; he is not sued for iatrogenics. Agency problem.
There is a whole chapter on medical iatrogenics, and indeed family doctors have skin in the game.
2021 @filipeteles
You will never convince someone that he is wrong. Survival does. Prologue of #SkinintheGame pic.twitter.com/Ouu4BFV585
You forgot to use the middle name as required.
An attempt pic.twitter.com/Tgo6P6fqh0
Leave K out of this. No connection.
Albert watch out Bodanis is a fraud.
Saif leave that poor Thaler boy to his mourning. He won't be able to control others for a while, may this lifetime. @saifedean @R_Thaler
Well, I don't trust Syria numbers, particularly after this story of the "hospitals" in E. Aleppo. pic.twitter.com/y7SG9wlNYy
Spending additional 1 T on infrastructure may get us something other than novacaine to show for it.  Obama spent it on salaries @MudsharkOX
3) Don't fughet Obama is leaving us a Ponzi scheme, added ~8 trillions in debt with rates at 0. If they rise, costs of deficit explode...
Idiotic (IYI) journos are trying to make us believe Putin is fighting Mother Theresa in Syria, not the AlQaeda of Sept 11. @BenteScheller
Some, more rigorously derived.
5-6 mil is perfect.
Ax @yaneerbaryam he is working on that stuff. I just look at convexity.
2) (Cont) But in the end what Obama did that is unforgivable is increasing centralization in a complex system.
Libertarianism and Julian the Apostate. pic.twitter.com/HV8yVWdzPl
My favorite choice!
.@ashuduttmarkets Fucking idiot, why don't you unfollow and find someone else who wants your instruction on what to write about?
Tragedy of Syrian Christians: promoted Arabism to secularize away from Islam, instead of  Greco-Roman-Aramaic past. pic.twitter.com/holXWYCbzj
How Fat Tony got rich betting against charlatans like @JustinWolfers  (Green Lumber Fallacy chapter in #Antifragile) pic.twitter.com/gNAOVsDREI
Actually "Syriac" connotates with Assyrian (further East,"Suryoyo"), "Syrian" with Greek-Aramaic (Συρία).
Funny pple don't realize @loveconcursall "Lara Stuart-Müller" frm Zurich is in fact a fat male bearded ISIS operative @ThePorcie @wootwoo3
Most rigorous comparison is to Iraq. 3 are left!
First time church bells were heard in Beirut under Ottomans was in 1773 when the Russian fleet came. To understand Putin in Syria & support.
Until 1773 when the Russian fleet showed up in Beirut, no church bells were allowed in Levant
They happen to mate, like other people, and have children.
Medawar (round in Levantine) seems to come from Aramaic (Arabic: mustadir). @zaliin
With my equation above you get the exact solution for the 2 sides of z(x) for J<e, (6 roots, only 2 Real).
I can't wear a cross in Saudi Arabia. Apostates are executed. I am not going to cry for you yet.  @Quran_Chart @asadabukhalil
"Bigotry" against Arab states when they treat non-Sunnis like deviants? This is called "Arab Bullshit" @tomazy_m @leithfadel @asadabukhalil
.@sterndavidi 2000 out of 1.3 million Moroccan Jews!
UK universities ban newspapers on campus,yet allow Salafi propaganda. Anyone ag. Salafis becomes "Islamophobe".  Boycott UK universities?
C'est mal traduit. Je n'ai jamais mentioné des "riches blancs".
Looks like the integral convergent for x^-p, p>1. Effectively volume is finite, but Exipus has sharp point.
What is the highest order (i.e. take x large) ? O(x^-2) ?
Hard to see but I still spot point with  x ~20 pic.twitter.com/uJJnsj4ZrK
Effectively the tail is infinite. pic.twitter.com/x8NJamowsQ
x=y != z in the right side corridor  @CutTheKnotMath @mikeandallie pic.twitter.com/pZBOhqZrcG
After last nomination I feel that my dream of seeing Saudi/Qatari royals in Guantanamo getting close...All my betes noires are falling now!
Aramaic du jour: Kfar (kafr) and Dar (dor) relate to "round". Dar also village/house. Dar & Medawar => same root. pic.twitter.com/IqidB3sUV7
Problem is that I can't figure out if the legs are not ... infinite.
You can widen the range and get the long legs...
Imbecile, it is MATHEMATICALLY 50/50.
How do you say "round" in Turoyo?
One leg of the octopus @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/tcT67IMYIq
Is Romney a neokon?
A better perspective on a Mandelbrotian Octopus @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/ytIYwVxGL9
I am not humble. You have a problem with that?
You get a beautiful Mandelbrotian mathematical object at the "nugget", worth exploring. @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/mNceojHgDK
The IYI Class slowing realizing that everything they know turned out to be fiction, as in Candid Camera. pic.twitter.com/TaoffZ7qsi
8 days after about everything the IYI class (forecasters, journos, pol "scientists", Pinker) knows fell apart; starting to realize what...
3asro is "of his time"
Donaldo considering Nikki Haley, an Indian Sikh woman is a stroke of genius!  @realDonaldTrump
I thought it was a popularization of Jensen's inequality.
soon Antifragile
The saying "silence is gold" applies only to fools.
Gibbon on Syrian (Greeks) fashion-obsessions & "contempt for female modesty". Fashion week in Laodicea(Latakia) now! pic.twitter.com/cwWiF7BMmG
Sweet vindication: publisher said sales of electronics books down 17-30% pending on genre vs real books. #lindyeffect at work
He's  legit. Solid. And the son of Savage.
How to get rid of intruders who bug you for selfies. pic.twitter.com/MbHVml3fwl
2) Turned out that @yaneerbaryam has used a version of Simpson's Paradox to debunk math of the Selfish Gene by entertainer @RichardDawkins
The same people who complain that we only had 2 "bad" choices in election also complained abt my ethics of voting for 3rd party.  #IYI
Should be same. Thanks
Hi, I checked. It is not abridged by a single comma. The size is smaller than US ed.
Bingo! Proved by Judah Pearl.
I will make sure Amioun joins.
Doesn't look good.  @TimHarford @obradovits1
Erreur de jeunesse.
Paula, @schmittpaula Nice surprise to get this in my feed. I will order them immediately!
He is also thinner. What else, Mr Slumbers?
Did you read Antifragile, Yes/No? @TimHarford @obradovits1
Also a lot of people in NY who voted Johnson would have voted Trump. @neilchriss
Ask @TimHarford. In my copy, he did not acknowledge anything.  @malikbarak
Well... as it turned out I've taken a look at the former.  @limawort @PoliticsProse @TimHarford @FearNoTrieb
Hence the "populist" dislike of IYI is ingrained is about all languages. @MarcosCarreira @stan_yurin
Since 1994!
By definition, it is betting against implied.
Now I know why we think differently. As a market maker I work on diff future-w/implied future, never take implied for granted
Friends, looking for info on how many read an Op-Ed in NYT if total circulation is, say 1mil. 90k? What's typical hits of OpE on Bloomberg?
3) This, given the presumption Aristotle was translated into Arabic not from the Greek, but from the Aramaic-Syriac. [Evidence for Galen]
2) Is  Levantine is the only language in which the term "philosopher" is derogatory? To bullshit (produce non solid verbiage) = "tfalsaf"
The bot will block you later but go find some idiot to take your "constructive" advice.
4- The Lesson of 2016 is that it took social media (not a "free" press) to take universal suffrage to its natural conclusion.
Now I see he means getting the process from derivatives prices rather than generating a process.
Only Procrustes 2nd ed.
Let's model a random Congress composed of citizens. It shd best represent the population by LLN. See Pluchino etal. @normonics @yaneerbaryam
Pick random citizens, see Antifragile.
The Greeks dealt with it by random sequential changes. Random, indeed.
In Complex Systems Terms: Populism: bottom-up spontaneous-order participation  NonPopulism "democracy": hierarchical & constrained choices
Would you accept that EVERY sample Monte Carlo path is a forward equation, the aggregation is backward?
Asset dynamics: forward equation for St Asset pricing: yes p St pic.twitter.com/Rb6l4O4FCG
Backward equation is understood as taking {S0,t0} and generating paths for the past that could have led to {S0,t0}.
No. pic.twitter.com/bATogPubZ0
Not exact. f[S,t0]|, f[S+∆S,t+∆t] on one hand & other shifts t0. Bringing back to Expectation at t0 doesn't make it backward.
We have both!
When you risk other people's lives for "ideas" w/o paying the price & w/o being apologetic, #skininthegame. Kapish? @geor97 @BillKristol
The nugget has a measure 0. Just a way to play with strict and >= inequalities.
Fucking idiot I said "rigorous" not political science.  @dandrezner
I am still looking for someone to give a rigorous explanation/explanation of difference between populism & democracy. Nothing yet.
Graphical view of the problem: >1 except in a tiny nugget around {0,0,0} @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/ULkgMsX61Z
No idiot the NYT gave legitimacy to the Iraq incasion @John_F_Donnelly @kilkenomics
Let us not forget that the NYT was largely responsible for the Iraq mess. Includes pundits like Thomas Friedmam  @kilkenomics
Rituals are the music of life.
fuck off
Vahid I thought your greatgreat...grandfather used him to mount his horse
I told Politico to get lost for that "Black Swan" article. @SamWahlen pic.twitter.com/yUUniDRn0y
The IYI didn't get that censoring pple w/unfair tags "racist","sexist","schlongist" doesn't work unless they also censor in the voting booth
Reaction of @FiveThirtyEight same as cowardly traders who unexpectedly blow up, blame mkts, God, Mars... Accept bad probabilistic reasoning!
Not me. I am this handle.
imbecile he made 000s forecasts
My point was that it was 50% @EconomicTimes
The ricochet from demonizing Trump by Hillarists & idiotic media: all he has to do now is be half the monster they portrayed.  #Antifragile
And "bar" Malla7 rather than "ban"
Almost Syriac. Confirms can me read as Mu3ammad (baptized) or Mu3ammak...
The verdict is that @Charles_Lister from @MiddleEastInst should be tagged as a paid promoter of Jihadi terrorism. On his employer... later
Not me.
There are incompetent surgeons; an impostor is someone who claims credentials & expertise without having any.
kilkenny
I can't stand impostors.
"Intellectual" America: @sapinker who doesn't know mean!= sample mean now arbiter of... probabilitistic reasoning! pic.twitter.com/Uc59XoXqs0
He thinks 1 max is 375 already.
Vienna  @nutanix pic.twitter.com/pCngG5w5p8
Straw Dogs.
Deadlifts and presses can fix his chin. I am certain.
You need to converge to the exact vol to minimize the Brier score. Otherwise, better err on high vol side.
Try Ehden by the waterfall. I wish I were still there.
There is no "animosity" with Harris. I just consider him an intellectual fraud. @GuzziNba @SamHarrisOrg
I know I saw his papers on forecasting and noticed mathematical probability was not ... for him. @HenryMyers7 @JustinWolfers
Didn't read it. Ignore economists.
Fucking tafkiri imbecile, military targets 35 years ago; this is CURRENT threat.
The Middle East Institute @MiddleEastInst is funded by the Wahabis. Lister should mention it in every utterance @nadeemhaque @Charles_Lister
Iran did not Sept 11; this is a filthy Wahabi argument.
A student sent me Wolfers' NYT article. Should we use it as example of ignorance?
Less volatile.
Note that people like @Charles_Lister are paid by foreign governments/terrorist sponsors to spread their agendas.
Should we classify propagandists like @Charles_Lister who advocate the interests of al Qaeda/Wahabis as terrorists?
No, no, no. This is called volatility. Kapish?
The reason I expected a Trump election would not affect the market is from noticing that ignorant IYI @JustinWolfers made Tump=lower SP.
Thekel =>Shekel, "weight".
I forgot the big losers: the neocons. We have at least 4-8 years of watching them drive uber cars / taxis in DC.
Who got burried? Saudi Barbaria Goldman Sacks Syrian Jihadis aka "rebels" Academic Economists w/PseudoNobel NYT & other bullshit venues.
@R_Thaler ? He is done.
You coming to Kilkenny?
Taj Hotel!
NonKapish
i am about toleave. Next January?
For you no problem
An example of forecaster A better than B regardless of final pic.twitter.com/2zeH1hJ5he
Correction: Solent it turned out is not yet out of business. Not yet. @EmanuelDerman @zzbar @motherboard
Looks like you are an investor in that crap, no?
Marcos, for Baal's sake, what makes you think I will read Slate?
Some neophilia works in tech, actually correcting side effects of previous neomania.
Not yet, just in my opinion going out of business, currently undergoing usual denial.
We got a great vindication w/ Soylent going out of business. Keep neomania out of food.@EmanuelDerman @zzbar @motherboard
50/50
Some probability musings from North Lebanon: how to compare forecasters BEFORE final outcome. pic.twitter.com/57ShuNvVVH
Trump is just a symptom not a disease. Message: establishment is so bad that a random Bronx Zoo animal less harmful. pic.twitter.com/xcZLVKFuPs
And Hebrew  הַזֶה But also in Gal. Aramaic "look" pic.twitter.com/gZizEZupMT
Levantine for "this": hayda, haydi,pl. hol. comes frm Syro-Aramaic: hod, hodo. Now hano/hathe in Turoyo @SahinChris pic.twitter.com/WALhu4nJki
Not quite...
We need to tawk.
Wanted something with entries, a la Encyclopedia Judaica.
Is there richer?
 pic.twitter.com/M3HNl06F0A
Let me check the guest thingy for my session.
"salihin" is righteous.
Why don't you come as you did last time?
Nocera, you're a BS vendor. But everything you do to cover-up your BS vending entails more BS-vending.  Keep quiet & non nocere, @NoceraNYT
No BBS doesn't stress the bones and doesn't generalize interactions.
Google Scholar works well, no?
Kolumbia U?
the separation is social science vs hard science (Arxiv). For us, if not on ArXiv, it doesn't count.
Version 2 (cleared typos) @CoachRippetoe pic.twitter.com/4i9cF0Yj1r
"global"
Thx it is right in one place not the other.
This makes no sense since Arxiv represents 99% of the 1.1 million.
Tail risk management & weightlifting?  Draft of the forward for a book published by @CoachRippetoe,for comments. pic.twitter.com/XXCtXSCwRO
Syriac is Eastern Aramaic (Western Aramaic ~ Jerusalem/Damascus/Maaloula, Western Syriac ~ Nineveh, Eastern Syriac ~ Babylon) @rennyabraham
Aramaic du Jour: "kursh", slang for "belly" in Levantine, is from Accadian: Gilgamesh, Tablet 10, 222. pic.twitter.com/UOOy0K26De
Yes, "Boy" as a sign of disrespect. You have a problem with displaying my intellectual (& personal) disrespect for you? @NoceraNYT
Not quite, my friend, more like 10th C Levant.
Nocera boy, @NoceraNYT, let me debate you on "Aleppo" to show you what "Ignorance" is. You can even use Aramaic, W. Syriac or Syrian Arabic.
A neat way to transform a Wiener process (\-infty,infty)  to election probabilities [0,1]. pic.twitter.com/zKzhN6DtZv
Hi, which leckchur?
(actually during the crisis)
In other words every person should vote according to way he or she expects or prefers others to vote.  Be uncompromising with virtue !
No, some math finance book on stochastic processes
What makes a good election forecaster? Not the Brier metric 538 is a terrible forecaster regardless of final outcome pic.twitter.com/IF39qauxtP
Why?
Dectecting another slip: I said "preferences". I most probably meant "principles".
I know, but not 1208. We did the fucking data on Mongolian invasions, most updated. Kapish?
Spent too much time cleaning the data on Mongolian invasions.
Typo on CNBC: Said 1308 then corrected 1208 and said Attila for Genghis.
Freudian Slippage. Said Atilla instead of Genghis.
Excellent. He saw the difference between the seabord and the interior.
Civis romanus sum  @BlackWhiteKnite
Unlike in static forecasting, the best dynamic forecaster (time) is he who every period forecasts HIS OWN next forecast best. (to continue)
I don't think the Wikileaks is there; but the first part seems very likely.
Nobody replied to my email.
Yes!
I've had an account with Fid for 31 years and Pending on your response I will close it.
Yes but linked to my Fidelity account & was not made aware of the bills. Looks like a scam.
I already notified the representative for my account. You should not be associated/put your name w/shoddy practices by cc comp.
Scam alert: @Fidelity offers a credit card via outside Co, designed to charge late fees+ interest to unsuspecting, similar to Wells Fargo.
2) Today someone w/economics degree has a higher chance of sleeping with Kim Kardashian than getting a job as a trader. Finance = STEM
Economics is a fake discipline; attempts to improve it (s.a."behavioral","evo") made it worse! Finance moved to mathematics, accounting,etc.
No
I meant this worldview arises from a certain upbringing?
Is it in Beirut's water?
נסים לֹא נאסים Kapish?
Can you tawk about it today?
Mocking Christianity is OK.
2) If you understand nothing about the problem (like DC pundits) then it becomes Iran vs Saudi Arabia, US vs Russia, Mars vs Saturn.
Dottore, I've blocked the fellow ions ago.
Ignorant pundit (IYIs) see everything w/the magnified prism of geopolitics, not local people trying to make things work.  #Lebanon elections
You have not the slightest clue about the war in Syria .
This is pretty much counter to about anything you hear in economics/portfolio theory.
Yes, but counters the portfolio effect from diversification, no?
... with HUGE (yuge) practical consequences on model error. @CutTheKnotMath @neilchriss pic.twitter.com/3ezlq1QaSJ
V. counterintuitive useful mathematical result:How higher dimensional areas get SMALLER. @CutTheKnotMath @neilchriss pic.twitter.com/uqGuHzptXx
Rupert? WTF? You are falling for Islamofascist Saudi promoted propaganda!  Stop talking about Syria before studying!
(what they say about Oxford)
What they call engineering is really physics; what they call physics is math, what they call math nobody knows what it is. @PeterVeep
The point is not .9 price but the volatility of the price should be lower.
Bingo! Exactly, but the high sigma dampens the sigmoidal shapes. pic.twitter.com/4nAZ9SPQr5
Goes straight into W with the error into Var(W). Expectation of an expectation (mean) becomes the current mean (iterated exp)
We approximate deterministic w/unknown precision within the class of pseudorandom (as w/Monte Carlo); Ito applies to P.R. gen.
no, generalizes to an ensemble of stochastic processes, with different variances.
Like painting vs computer art. Latter is more functional. Talking abt aesthetics, better Monte Carlo pic.twitter.com/HGnLOgZzMs
The conflict: Engineers, applied-probabilists, physicists think in terms of applications; mathematicians view math as art. @CutTheKnotMath
Grothendieck was irritated by equations. To him that was not what math was about.
I agree, but depends on application. Mandelbrot (who did not use computers) could only grasp things when he saw a chart.
They correlate !
A relevant lesson from Podesta/Huma: bureaucrats & empty suits spend their time in multiplicative/metastatic low information emailing.
Hi, no idea.
Typo. Range for thega [0, \pi] not [0, 2 \pi ]. Varphi in [ 0, 2 pi]
ἀπὸ μηχανῆς θεός
Fucking idiot, discussing the pseudo-left, not the left.
Fooled by Correlations (cont), a geometric tutorial. Hard to visualize in dimensions >3. pic.twitter.com/6cmW6Krx2r
I am talking about *today's* textbooks. They hype up Arabic-language writers in the Levant, not Greek language ones. Kapish?
(From a few months ago)
Virtue is what you do when nobody is looking. The rest is marketing.  #TheBedofProcrustes (but I can't remember for sure)
GMOs advocacy reveals charlatanism, proposing solutions w/unseen side effects; scientism for profit. @philipbstark pic.twitter.com/vL8Qcw8U7m
Being nice counts the most when you are nice to people ignored by others.
Ironically the computer allows us to do more abstract math as it does the nitty gritty sh*t work & frees us to see deeper  @CutTheKnotMath
Was never able to add/subtract mentally. I was told I wd not be an option trader because speed & combos. HP 12C saved me.
We should put ellipticality in our book as higher D fat tails while lower D thin tailed @DrCirillo @financequant pic.twitter.com/JnF0CpvbmS
For a long time they did not allow calculators in exams.
Greater Syria, in Arabic Bilad el Sham (or Western Greater Syria) is Levant from Gaza to Antioch.
never bench. Standing press.
Do you have an alibi?
Maestro, do you accept the demonstration by Route 1?
GMOs: Returnless Risk,case closed. Even NYT admits no ↑yield/↓pesticides.  Next preys: +Saudi Barbaria +neocons +Pinkerisms (BS artists)
Reread the tweet before posting. Kapish?
Incidentally Procopius is one of the 100s of Greek Syrian authors not taught in Syria (Arabism brainwashing). @peterfrankopan @BrankoMilan
Of course. Based our your sophistry, I am certain you wouldn't understand it.
Or longest historical coverup. The Secret Histories were discovered > 11 C later. Contemporary doc praise.
the 3 integrals (2 bounds) @CutTheKnotMath  Errata: Sn IS the Gen Harmonic Number. pic.twitter.com/28EcPBAJIo
Route 2: comparing to 3 integrals @CutTheKnotMath (On a long plane ride back for Tokyo, your quizzes kill time!) pic.twitter.com/iDR6lTL9MG
With all the dirt in Secret Histories, they were all pre-marriage.
Theodora behaved greatly after marrying Justinian. There is a saying that former hookers make faithful wives.
Am I cheating somewhere here? @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/VgEMFQfNGj
I've stopped trusting scholarship by most pple on a salary, or deriving bulk of income from it. Scholarship is for the free ("Liberal" arts)
Byzantinism du jour: The Orthodox church allows divorce in order to prevent excessive cases of poisoning. (Justinian code)
You in Syria?
Thanks! I deleted.
Thanks!
Merci, monsieur l'ambassadeur, je viens de le commander.
Have not seen it!
read it when I knew less. But after reading Norwich's History of Sicily I realized he did a LOT, a LOT of  BS.
The problem is that nothing is better than INFERIOR approach/understanding of  complex problems.
People have trouble understanding that sample mean != true mean, as we saw with BS artist Pinker.  @DrCirillo @DCosmology
The reasons to shut down social "science":  1) It is largely BS,  2) Academics firmly believe their job is to *think* for the rest of us.
No flaneuring before lecture since jet lag is killing me...
Fiction. A few Ghassanides worked for the Byzantines in border areas.
That was before they encountered Saudis & Egyptians. They had no ideas who they were.
Unreliable, statistically. Can explain.
My point is also that many Cypriot & Ionian Greeks ended up mixing. I don't believe in Semitic as race, only language.
I see people focusing on the task not just the fruit of the task.  This is refreshing. (Tokyo)
My brief impression of Japan: life is a sequence of elegantly executed rituals.
Japan: life is a sequence of skillfully executed rituals.
Not with him so much as the class of critics... Literature doesn't need profs
The New Testament was written in the capital of Syria, Antioch, in (bad) Greek. @FullTiltonic
The Beirut school of law kept Latin because Imperial law remained in Latin. @i_contemplate_ @FullTiltonic
People know that most influential Greek city >3rd C was Alexandria...  in Egypt.  They don't extend to other cities on the Med.
Beirut was diglossic in the sense that it was the only Eastern city was Latin was used, to the horror of Libanius. @FullTiltonic
2) Too OBVIOUS:It is practically impossible to physically distinguish an urban Western Syrian (Sunni or Christian) from a Greek. Impossible.
The Levant was diglossic except in coastal cities where it was all Greek. @FullTiltonic
We have 2 stories of Syria, Greco-Roman v/s Arab. Salibi fell for the Arab fabrication. Maps are both preIslamic pic.twitter.com/5vCH62Irv3
More complete copy explaining steps in red. Full integral is just extra. @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/JKbbNkECzn
Many are virtuous for lack of opportunity. [Revised]
Imbecile. Read the aphorism before posting.
So many people think of themselves as honest simply because they can't manage to steal.
No
I kept hearing madarites.
Do you accept this proof? (On a 14h plane ride to Tokyo) @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/H7A1AUAd9R
But I got a lot of pple trying to "bully" me: GMO shills, IYIs, Saudi lobbyists, economists & only when I care I bully the sh$t out of them
It is mispronounced Madarites nor Mardaites in a few episodes (incl 53). Also Chalcedon usually prn Kalcedon not Tshalcedon.
.@Barkinka1 You need to 1) read Arabic script, 2) understand old Turkish. The intersection is very very rare.
We have the original preserved in "Syriac", i.e. Accadian/Assyrian from a papyrus in Egypt.
The Turks have wonderful archives nobody can read because in Arabic script. Some in Syriac script. @trscbrs @peterfrankopan
Bingo! Arab is called Tayyaye (Tayyoyo), apparently from Bani Tayy, or Tayyoun or Tyan or closer to Babylon: Sarqaya! @BlackWhiteKnite
Kamal Salibi is an amateur at best, blinded by protestant-fueled Arab nationalism  @GhassanDahhan @peterfrankopan pic.twitter.com/Mr39wnA6sL
Aramaic du jour.  Quiz: what is the designation for Arab (i.e. from Arab tribes) in Syriac?
Because when you put historical fabrications on social media, you are bound to account for it.  @Abunass3r @GhassanDahhan @peterfrankopan
@Abunass3r  Salibi fell for that BS. There was a tiny population in rural areas, many more in Anatolia.
Of course. The idea is to never take Arab sources at face value without cross-checking.
Gaps: historians tend to mistake absence of evidence for evidence of absence. Historiographical approach in The Black Swan @peterfrankopan
Tempted to write a Brief History of Syria using Aramaic/Greek/Armenian/Persian/Turkic sources instead of Arab propaganda. @peterfrankopan
To put in in proof terms: at least 1 perforation on the surface shows equality.
Not well known.
Derman can always find a way to tease people.
It appears there is a Bethlehem in Galilee.
Alexander, this thing with Derman has been going on for 22 years.
The @EmanuelDerman approach visualized. The combination lies inside the sphere @financequant @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/aURW4SKFaB
.@financequant @EmanuelDerman @CutTheKnotMath 4) What makes math unique & diverse is that approaches are *duals* to one another.
3) for instance showing using 2nd deriv that the max=0 is really a max. Not elegant but proof.
2) and there are zillions of ways to make an ironclad proof.
1) Outside pure math, rely on a proof where it is not obvious; meanwhile get on w/ the applied.
Dove?
The limit pic.twitter.com/0P44LG6Al2
With some geometry  @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/VC12s2bpnz
Resting is valuable only if you are resting *from* something.
Finally, as we converge to equality from below @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/Fg3m8uOiui
Graphical representation: ridge a=b for different values of c. Can't get a clean RegionPlot3D.  @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/Vo5RYHRPvS
Can do a geometric!
Nabih you seem too honest, a rarity in that business.
Mr Itani letting you know I am muting your tweets as I am done with you.
3) So all you got is failed scholars with Ivy League degrees living hand to mouth. @faysalitani @MiddleEastInst @nabihbulos @Charles_Lister
2) I never ran into a smart person whose ambition was to become a propagandist. @faysalitani @MiddleEastInst @nabihbulos @Charles_Lister
1) At the risk of being offensive, Mr Itani, pbm w/shills is lack of intelligence.  @faysalitani @MiddleEastInst @nabihbulos @Charles_Lister
Mr Itani, you think we do not know about the EXACT sources of funds of  @MiddleEastInst ? @faysalitani @nabihbulos @Charles_Lister @EHSANI22
Something strange with correlation distributions under fat tails; althought they don't technically "exist": pic.twitter.com/MTBZssPo9H
Indeed just listened to it & thought the same.
It is neither cheap nor easy. It is called conflict of interest & @Charles_Lister  is a prostitute. @faysalitani @EHSANI22 @MiddleEastInst
Truth is in the extremes. There is no noise in the far tails.
In flaneurmobile with coach Rippetoe; he promised a one rep max of 500 lbs within 1-2 years. pic.twitter.com/LXHQezPN1q
See Chaps 1 and 2 of Silent Risk
I do presses. No bench. @debabyatskiy @chaslutz @CoachRippetoe
Squid Ink ... Got @CoachRippetoe addicted! pic.twitter.com/LeGwlOq0U7
With @CoachRippetoe in New York heating to the squid ink place. pic.twitter.com/kM9BCvBeI0
Then your expectation excludes tail events. Nonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnsense.
in·tel·lec·tu·alˌ in(t)əˈlek(t)SH(əw)əl/ noun: intellectual 1.an idiot deprived of clarity of mind trying to hide it under complication.
For the list of typical IYI you,@dandrezner, weren't suggested. Is it because you carry no influence? [Watch Drezner's frenetic responses]
Voila!
If math-economics has failed, it isn'tn because math failed; since Samuelson social science has been bullshitting us with the WRONG math.
...another example of complication without rigor busted with higher math. Economists' GMM is dressed up BS.  @NessimAitKacimi
I agree with results but this is TOTAL statistical BS: method of moments fails under fat tails. @NessimAitKacimi pic.twitter.com/oUNtqcsG3S
Imbecile.
We cherish bards like Bob Dylan for the combination of depth and simplicity in comparison to intellectuals both shallow and complicated.
Sounds familiar! @nichnachnoch @peterfrankopan pic.twitter.com/VBTknzCKCN
How did they overcome Shari3a's ban on interest?
For happiness, avoid social life w/ those who place others in a hierarchy, across activities: "best writer", "best plumber", "richest", etc.
~30K Italians died there if I recall. Largest in 600 y.
I would ask @HitachiGlobal if they can answer.
The data in paper by @DrCirillo  and I shows no such effect.
Federations like pre-WWII US don't like wars.  @hrishio @dav33241
Montaperti and Meloria each had casualties < 5500, two order of magnitudes less.
Italy, in 500 years of city states had many many tiny wars and tiny casualties. Post unification, WW1: 680,000 killed.  @dav33241
Almost same with Buzzati's Un Amore
Yes and I have also read Buzzati on how to find love in a bordello.
So finance people are free to follow, but they should stay quiet. @LadyFOHF
I block financiaphasters who put my handle, such as @LadyFOHF & friends just to escape the vulgarity of financiaphasters.
The extended version #Nobel and the sanctified aspect of literature. pic.twitter.com/FkSAqyG9Mz
Don't look for pleasure in convents, love in bordellos,intellect on campuses, wisdom in senates,nobility in law firms, & literature in Vegas
I never ax Fat Tony for aesthetic advice @d_ramsden
Niall is a friend of mine. Leave him alone; it is just that he is misinformed about Aleppo & the "rebels".
5/What is bothering me isn't Dylan, but exalting as "Literature" somthng highly commercial performed in Vegas! As if books with ads in them!
2- So they were nonSemitic tribes from North who took the Accadian language. Look at Assyrians, Ezidis, Kurds: similarities.
1-Specultn du Jour: Mossul (Nineveh)≉pop frm Babylon wch they conquered,Assyrians more (to this day) Euro/Mediterranean looking than Iraqis.
Thank you twitter.  Other than a few personal friends/acquaintances, I am followed by NO journalist, NO economist, & no psycholophaster.
It remains that the media penalizes intellectual diversity. He does.
My enemies are vastly more predictable than my friends.
5) Worse than p-values. Academics tend to severely misunderstand correlation. The most used statistical metric! pic.twitter.com/t8xCHUrNo1
Randomness in correlation: Extracting the exact bias from "data hacking" for d variables with n points per variable. pic.twitter.com/LgewzHuN5u
Emanuel, the Podesta fraud has been caught/humiliated so he is trying to win argument with "best revenge is to live well".@EmanuelDerman
Never happened! For Kosrow was overthrown later after battle, when he was far away.
Randomness in correlations. An exact derivation for n small. Started in a Moscow café and completed on plane back. pic.twitter.com/cQdWUHrkxB
Russia is a place where doing mathematics in a café in a central district is very, very normal. pic.twitter.com/JYVzgl1vTz
Some Russian historians are revising some accounts of his temperamental reactions... shaky sources.  @ramsay_randall
The Boyars write history. Common folks plow the fields. @Bernd__Neuner
Mr Rothschild, are you talking about ... me? My "forecasts"?
Heuristic: never trust someone's historical analogies if (as is common with policymakers) his historical knowledge starts in 1934.
Na zdorovie! pic.twitter.com/EF2Ra87prX
In Moscow nobody (in lit circles) knows Dostoyeski's Crocodile in which he shows the absurdity of ppls of economics! pic.twitter.com/6jHFN5CirV
Bob Dylan marks my adolescence/late childhood. Reminds me of what brought me to America. But no conflation with literature.
Commentators, not authors.
4/ Literature, so far, is the only intellectual discipline that escaped academia.  Don't let the pol-correct profs debase it! #NobelDylan
Why on earth should you pay attention to a prize that was never granted to JL Borges, but given to Bob Dylan?
That you like Bob Dylan's songs &listen to them while driving to work doesn't make them literature. Literature is something deeper. Kapish?
Would you be surprised if Kim Kardashian won a Nobel Prize "for bringing mundane concepts into public discussions?"
As expected idiotic lobbyists managed to butcher the Black Swan idea. @zerohedge pic.twitter.com/fLul5rB5dR
Best tasting sandwiches, with Ukrainian tomatoes & bread, before I devoured the whole plate. @cdipaola62 pic.twitter.com/sOjzR3nYEA
On my way to Moscow (for, among other things, drinking) via Minsk as one can't fly to Russia from The Ukraine.
I am lucky I don't read Russian
What @peterfrankopan reveals is something few realized before owing to overestimation of Mongolian wars: was followed by a Pax Mongoliana!
Exact opposite!
A set of measure 0 has ~ set of measure 1. Bith concepts are fascinating.
All day seminar lekchur in Kyiv. pic.twitter.com/ZjSqnG4GKY
At some level, improving ranking isn't playing a game, just correlates with better profs, brings students!
No, he is a good man.
Justin Wolfers includes himself in the category "most men"...
Who dis Cohen?
Only exit plan is to get rid of Hillary!
In Kiev, preparing to get drunk with Ukranians.
thanks. What is his thesis?
There is no possible way on earth I will have an intellectual exchange w/man in sandals w/socks. My right to be closed minded. @VernonGlobal
You forget Fannie Mae. There has never been more incompetent (decorated) person in history than IYI @JosephEStiglitz . Never. @GreekAnalyst
You, good, you.
A generalized functions approach for distribution of sample correlations, Part 1. (Saturday relaxation after RWRI 3) pic.twitter.com/nWm5ByBf5O
What kind of BS is this? martingales and semimartingales have IDENTICAL properties.
Inverse Lindy!
 pic.twitter.com/Tggxhr0kf2
Cardano @davidlieberson pic.twitter.com/TUHoPnmxS6
RWRI 3, day 4: Data can be used for DIS-confirmation.  Power laws can be seen as the REJECTION of all other classes of models. @financequant
RWRI 3, Yaneer Bar Yam explaining how things don't average in complex systems #Antifragile pic.twitter.com/pJdJ9Fg87N
Agree.
Sawiris = Severus, but no connection.
I meant Julius Bassianus.
I wish a Nobel Prize to one of my economist enemies so he feels the insecurity of a pedestal.
Il combat l'évolution centralisatrice &nl'interventionnisme des empereurs dans la cité qui s'opposent à l'idéal hellénique.
There is a Mathematica function for FIBM
Is this worldview a Levantine minority "thing"? I've seen it somewhere else.
Rederived from scratch distrib of correlation function for windows @WLTSchirano @DrCirillo @sapinker @alxpr1c3 pic.twitter.com/2iDoBUW44i
Castration is next.
Is your name after Phokas' Byzantine embassy to Khosroe 2 who were, I think, beheaded or Herakles' who were incarcerated ?
You need to start your own real newspaper/magazine .
Point is: NO charlatan would do anything that harms his reputation.  It is a marker, what's called costly signaling. Kapish?  @BrianePagel
Simple heuristic: treat public intellectuals as BSvendors except those who hold unpopular opinions,expose frauds, take risks, curse publicly
Look up fable of Aesop/
LATEST: Prof Spagat has retracted his claim that F14a was wrong; he said he made an error.  Pinker shd learn from him. @DrCirillo @sapinker
yes, or reverse means later profits. If you don't get tax break from losses you can't have a tax system.
Very inefficient. Can't believe liberals could be pro-Saudi Arabia, pro-Wahabis, pro large corps/globabilization, anti artisans! @neilchriss
Pasquale, the point is not about theories/data, but elementary stats. What would you w/someone who can't read an...ACF?@DrCirillo @sapinker
Depends what the propagandists do.  You can play the press w/lobbies. Press is both pro Climate  & increasingly pro-Monsanto.
Topic dependent. I think that both the press and Hillary are violently right-wing in pro-Wahabi interventionism Yemen/Syria.
It is not a matter of Left or Right, but some herding/conservatism in the intellectual sense.
It is not the Q-Q plot that is just ignorant, but the ACF.
Keep trying Pinker boy, keep trying! @sapinker pic.twitter.com/cw4HslcED0
Added red meat (mammals)
John Durant has an explanation. Also explain Halal against eating pigs! @bitstein @johndurant pic.twitter.com/CShb8o6MXG
Which chapter?
(for mammals)
Is there a rule that we humans eat almost exclusively herbivores?  Is it the reason we domesticate cats, dogs, things we don't eat? Curious.
Indeed but at least updating decreases under volatile conditions.
Point is predictive of CV risk.
Why laws in societies come from the minority rule: A probabilistic argument. pic.twitter.com/nh3yALVZzu
Given  weightlifter survived "test", how robust are the results re: 1) aneurism, 2) stroke, 3) arterial blocage?
If someone showed you articles abt Trump, you would have estimated that polls ~0% (just wife & butler voting for him). The press is dying.
Also I wonder if it indicates *absence* of aneurism.
Bingo! Conditional of plaque *necessarily* rupturing under very high physical stress/exertion.
Also if a weightlifter has blood pressure >330/200 then fall 130/80, is it a sign he *can* handle w/o rupturing?
Question: is there also the notion that someone exposed to stress tests w/problem would have died before?
But then risk would rise as well as the sprint and other tests, no?
So to summarize, if anyone is capable of extreme sprints, even in presence of other risk factors, net =low risk?
I can actually "see" the integral by moving "a" but need time to make neat graphs. pic.twitter.com/tZf3X01F33
Any cardiologist in the room? Is a *simple* test of volatility of heart rate powerful enough? Thanks!  #Antifragile pic.twitter.com/ZdW7ojvfAq
السلاح ب ايد الخرا بيجرح
2/Trump n'est qu'un marchand de pacotille; Hilarante une interventioniste belliqueuse
Less tight. pic.twitter.com/QQMifl7lFH
It is more convex than a^2 so a potentially infinite degree polynomial w +- terms would be tighter pic.twitter.com/E5pD7seTDO
There got to be a tighter bound, from what I see numerically.
3/ You cannot expect @Grurray points out a sect with suicide bombers to play tit-for-tat as in your textbooks!  *Nuclear* suicide bombers...
2/ Something in Pakistan has been strange, as we know from the Bin Laden episode. In time, about every inconsistency becomes apparent.
Is it me? This India-Pakistan thingy is a very serious. Countries just don't have direct "skirmishes".
US Edition is identical except for cover.
Procrustes 2nd Edition, UK (Penguin) pic.twitter.com/E7f4XGaM4v
I may dislike Graeber but at least he is a scholar; you can't compare him to Silver!
The Reverse! Logistic is most elegant natural distribution, Normal is an adjustment to it. @ProbFact pic.twitter.com/00OKWbauMP
This shows inconclusive & doesn't tell you if accident > for helmets pic.twitter.com/A7ClSPPeY5
BTW, evidence that @michikokakutani is pathologically crazy.Not just incompetent; crazy. @MarkHarrisNYC @holland_tom pic.twitter.com/WJmYRdxILz
My point is that a nudger would make your "choice architecture" into helmets. Wrong norms.  @han0z @paulmarsha @gaijinrage
2) In Lebanon the absence of president has been a great thing, shifting a bit of power to the municipalities.
Lesson from the 2016 election: an evolved decentralized country w/adults in it & developed legal machinery shouldn't need a president.
It is precisely because there is money that vultures will destroy Saudi Barbaria. @Jamal_A_Salem
My thing is very old... since then new stuff came out.
Paternalistic IYI: "Av citizen doesn't know where Syria is". To be compatible w/democracy don't drag them into smthg thy aren't curious abt.
Also to test regress, n low, do residuals on beta dist since error bounded [(x,(1-x))-, +] @sbelak @DrCirillo @Petronas865 @NateSilver538
Yes you have half the information.
If @DrCirillo says data looks "funny", then consider that data looks funny.  @Petronas865 @NateSilver538
Actually way too noisy.
Obviously noise is very high!
Je cite Georges Schehade
Il meritait d 'etre dans des livres Mais il fut ecrit sur l'eau
Same here!
Some results (with possible errors) for the Leiden paper. [Jet Lag, of course] pic.twitter.com/bokuv4iYPP
No it means that if even trivial encyclopedias make the mistake, the bitter G shd spend time correcting them before a tweet.
No, because I called him imbecile he is nitpicking tweets instead of main idea in paper.
Hi, I did not include ancient Greece in paper for that reason; more verifiable in modern Greek practices.
*Most* Ancient Greeks ate meet only on festivals, after sacrificing to the gods, adding "most" for imbecile @davidgraeber nitpicking tweets
My point is:limitation on meat eating in Greek Orthodoxy has *some* ancient origin, hence *some* forced variations. pic.twitter.com/P1IX4NbsWI
David Graeber, if I call you imbecile, it is not without a reason. @davidgraeber pic.twitter.com/b7rfhnxcQa
Hi, I am in Beirut. Thanks!
Indeed page of Savafide conversion reeks of Salafi propaganda.
Graeber is a LIAR. My point is that, empirically, an ACADEMIC job is not necessary to do research.cf #Antifragile @davidgraeber @Fedaykin98
Rupert, beware, Charles Lister is unreliable Jihadi propagandist.
Restaurant is bigger
Cor nitpickers, yes there were 4 male nonwaiters; ~10%
Beirut restaurant: the only males are the waiters. pic.twitter.com/0kemqipHXJ
alpha~ 1.15
That's the excuse!
Pietro, relax, these are just B-School "professors"  on charitable contributions.  Not GMO shills
A business school professor lecturing on finance is like Hillary Clinton lecturing on deadlifting.
I am not Atheist. I am Pagan, under Christian cover.
And the Companion Volume will be "Technical Incerto".
The Incerto finally became a single book. Don't know when it will be sold. pic.twitter.com/1YUJrb4kFu
Who is reading? The 3ayin is pronounced but not like a true Mizra7i.
Fooled by Randomness is 15, DH is 20yo
10 old books feel very aged, out of place, out of sync. 200 year old books feel contemporary. 2000 year old bks feel fresh. #LindyEffect
An Lushan numbers were also too high.
Mark, not complaining about the smear... I proved immune. I am complaining about showing me in an old picture! @CoachRippetoe @PennyKilkenny
I blocked @MehreenKhn who is both a Jihadi advocate & ....appears to works for the FT! BTW never engage Salafis. Just jail them.
Safest!
I live 10 miles away from Tripoli. If they are in the souks they never dare to venture outside.
On way to Lebanon for a few days. I insist I feel safer than in Europe, as there is ZERO tolerance of Salafis. Zero.
2)When these frauds were writing subisidized papers living on charity, I was trading in real world
The fraud DOES NOT have more citations. He disqualifies citations in JOURNALS to cook his story.
I see. This fraudster sees I have 20x his citations WITHOUT being an academic & starts cooking numbers.
Liar you QED nothing other than that you are a liar.
When caught lying, you spin. Who is disc citations &then why are G"scholar" citing "Airport books"? Liar.
Not sure fasting compensates since it is closed-window; vegies & starch.My own Greek-Orth community doen't
Beans are a recent thing.
I view science as a ruthless collision of originality & rigor; social science as the meeting of imitation & sloppiness.
That was Carthage's main export!
I view science as a ruthless collision of originality & rigor;   (Much of social science fails on, not one, but both counts).
I meant meat @drjasonfung @IDMProgram
Ancient Greeks ate meet only on festivals, after sacrificing portion to the gods. Same for Semites. @drjasonfung @IDMProgram
Just consider that carnivores have very stochastic intake compared to herbivores.  @drjasonfung @IDMProgram pic.twitter.com/VblQKwJDMX
Imbecile, ALL my tweets autodelete every 5 months.   @davidgraeber
of course
David Graeber @davidgraeber tries to disqualify me from discussion because I had wealthy ancestors. Institutionalized envy. @Fedaykin98
إذا أتتك مذمتي من ناقص فهي الشهادة لي بأني كامل: Mutanabbi  @funtime_bobby
Actually the math is... not mathematical, but algorithmic, agent-based by Monte Carlo works well.
Thanks Steven.
About what?
His point is that they may degrade the nature of intrrctns in a complex system.
Indeed. There are 650 pages (including this) in Antifragile, its topic. @funtime_bobby @EmanuelDerman @R_Thaler @cdipaola62 @CassSunstein
Is it me or Monsanto is trading as if the deal had ~20% chances of failing?
... Which explains the bias-variance problem: 538 is noisy (and biased) the other is less noisy but more biased.
The @FiveThirtyEight unrigorous dynamic updating & how it should be: the outer blue line is how not to change proba. pic.twitter.com/RHTMsK1EDc
Yes that is what probabilists get that historians don't: uncertainty can be endogenous to models.
We found all historical sources to be unreliable & made them stochastic.
A page frm @peterfrankopan that justifies my doubts w/@dottorpax about historical casualties, exaggerated for impact pic.twitter.com/uXWHTVw4tP
Could the Maaloula Aramaic "Baddak" come from same root as "David" DWD (B-widdak => "You would like?") ? pic.twitter.com/keTfIgWY7H
2/"Doesn't even know the difference between Hecate and Hecuba":Search for "Hecuba" jumps every pub of my piece(3 x) pic.twitter.com/O31CUZAeei
Steve, with your knowledge of Galilean, could it be that "baddak" is foreign infiltration into Ma3loula Aramaic?
Yes some Maaloula use Arabic script but many like the author allergic to anything related.
From my scratchpad: Beware of Richard Thaler's results. Beware. @EmanuelDerman @R_Thaler @cdipaola62 @CassSunstein pic.twitter.com/ajo7mjZl6b
Aramaic du jour: Baddak in Levantine doesn't seem to come from Arabic but Aramaic; Ma3loula Western Aramaic. pic.twitter.com/TVLzW6dMwo
"Choice Architecture"...
Let's tawk!
Hahahahaha, yes Jonathan. And this crap in T-S (AER).: pic.twitter.com/3ag19xYZpg
Problem du jour: find general form from sequence for  \alpha ={1,2,...,n} pic.twitter.com/Bcn65yvGRE
I am the reverse: white with everything except red with cheese!
Lack of variation implies they are scared to deviate from norms. Tastebuds vary hugely, hugely.
Thanks! But the question is that it is nonrandom that their tastebuds happen to ALL like red...
Pray, explain what you mean by this statement.
I thank @DrCirillo & others for 4-d depth into Extreme Tails w/ pioneers: de Haan,Balkema,Huesler,Eimahl, &  chance to discuss my 2 papers.
Ok on fait derogation!
IYIs wouldn't know!
Marketing /PR by Saudi Barbaria. Shiites since the 10th C were mostly into political assassination.
ימח שמו וזכרו @GhassanDahhan  يمحي اسموا و زكروا
but the company is now dead, along with its business.
Our turn to make them pay,@thackerpd, w/dividend. Revenge is to be eaten cold. Will help you get shill @keithkloor for the rest of his life.
They gave up.
Alexander are you here?
Christopher Hitchens was a good writer but should never be used in discussion of evidence and rigor, never, never.
It is as irrational to reject all conspiracy theories as it is to accept them.
Better picture as @DrCirillo the organizer was hidden in the previous one. pic.twitter.com/DKmdCs8vVE
Trappist "blond" beer Affligem, something else, 1000 years experience. pic.twitter.com/uOFxEAr3Af
70% of the Extreme Value mathematics flaneuring in Leiden by a canal.  De Haan asked: "who are the other 30%?" pic.twitter.com/n9xgjY8ggW
I never unfollowed you. Wonder what is going on with twitter.
But he forgets robustness/physical strength.
Shocking similarity!
The classical idea is to build mental, physical & moral fortitude to face the world #Antifragile Modern one is to change it technologically.
"Pneumonia, friend of the elderly".
My point is that with congestive heart failure, many cancers, etc., people end up leaving thanks to pneumonia.
There is something strange in DD's reasoning. BTW Guru is a personal friend & a real, real, real athlete.
Got to go to bed but remember 1) pneumonia is the way aged people go, 2) it does not make you pass out~70s. Got to be the result
This is sophistry. He was holding her and power is what matters in these circumstances.
I know a bit about pneumonia as I am now in Lebanon visiting someone who had pneumonia.
No, helped me stay immune.
.@Nvania You are welcome to go follow and lecture someone else. There are a lot of journos on twitter.
Candidly, how connected are 1 allergies 2 pneumonia, 3 heat exhaustion temp in 70s? Just wondering.
You don't randomly get pneumonia. But can pneumonia explain the other problems?
They are tightly correlated.
His point is that someone who DL 600 will always be better than 300 in "other things" but inequality is not tight!
before!
I am repeating maestro Rippetoe who is now overseeing my training,
The entire theory of deadlift is absence of muscle/movement specificity. 'Lifting invariance.
Someone who deadlifts 300-400 would have kept her firm w/o effort
2/ The other piece of evidence is that the bodyguards who caught Hillary Monsanto-AlSaud did not deadlift, or if they did, < 180 combined.
This additional "nonhealth event" for Hillary Monsanto-Malmaison makes the probability that "nothing is wrong" less than 1/10,000. Finito.
@ScottAdamsSays was prophetic when he detected several m ago something wrong w/Hillary Monsanto-Malmaison, from the variability of her looks
Floods. Use Van der Mijk's law.
Montaigne is useful, not as a scholar, but repository, he popularized 2000 years of classics.
Lebanon: Discrimination against veils (later denied which in Lebanese means "confirmed"). pic.twitter.com/b8rLtTYvio
Time between is most likely homogeneous Poisson for "event", defined as PTV >k, for all k.
Robert Frey @financequant showed PTV drawdowns are powerlaw distributed.
depends on distribution, if subexponential,power law ...
But I said what is true. Psychological research is not solid
Scott, you got me to buy Cialdini's bk. There is nothing in it that is both true & not known by 15th century chroniclers.
He probably means because it is a  Muslim majority.
Twitter, Did the agreement to streamline Russian visas for US citizens get stalled?
Some discipline, CNN: 1) Not in "Ancient" Greek but likely Koine. 2) Life expectancy at 25 includes newborn mortality.
One (hardcover) for the study, one (paperback) for the road, and one (electronic) to cut/paste passages.
@peterfrankopan Evidence of a purchase of a second copy of Silk Roads at Heathrow. pic.twitter.com/Cp7Zp2CjTQ
The price is much higher for that.
More beneficials conversations.
I need my free copy then!
I mean it is too obvious. Like don't eat poison!
Chernoff's inequality? Requires some assumptions s a  independnxe. If all positive, easy, with p= p(Ti=0), P[T=0] =p^n.
Antifragile.
gawz is not root for duplication, used in Levantine for duplication.
IYI (Intellectual Yet Idiots) treat rest of population as idiots needing their supervision, upset when revealed as idiots! @swensn @PTetlock
I define as absorbing barrier.
Ah! They don't know about me.
Levantine du jour: duplication, marriage, husb JawZe (from Aramaic) not Zawje (Arabic) from 'Gawz =nut, duplication. pic.twitter.com/35ATW63srg
Except for ruin!
average binaries with sigma+a, sigma-a
donno. Wiki is the norm.
Easy to understand the Putin-Erdogan connection when one is 1) Orthodox, 2) have Ottoman citizens ancestors (incl grandparents) for 439 y.
They are. Much less volatile than 538 but not real markets: no depth.
We are tawking abt the binary not the underlying. Big diff.
Stochastic variance makes things closer to 50
2) And something tells me Putin-Erdogan is the Mehmet dream away from Arabistan.
1) Evidence was the Cypriots siding with the Ottomans against the Catholic Venetians and refusal to convert Latin churches.
Mitigate variations around 50 way before expiration.
You ned to realize that municipal decentralization is compatible with centralized military: Switzerland, USA,Roman/Ottoman Empires@EHSANI22
Should I follow instructions (oranges) or treat it as some legal disclaimer? pic.twitter.com/b67jVvig6Y
Actually vax can have some systemic effects under conditions.
Negative evidence is absorbing!
You just convinced me that you are an idiot.
Thanks, made the statement more precise: Infinity Shminfinity @canpeyan pic.twitter.com/Fl5Hgf5Hty
While I gladly take corrections on dentistry by dentists, out of disrespect, I  pay no attention to psychologists. Kapish?  @MurphPsych
Good point. The real citation " no infinite summands in the real world"
Sunstein is a BS vendor & psychologists too cluless to tell. Sadder fact to tell Tetlock to lay low on twitter. @Pseudoplotinus @PTetlock
You fughet the best: Canaan!
Occident not Euro-Centric "to fall (sun)", same as Ma3rev,Ma'3reb, counter to "Orient", "Levant"...
Fuck them, drop by for the drinks!
"Reductionist" often used by people (IYI) incapable by separating the necessary from the reduced. @SimaDiab @EHSANI22
Practicing Calabrez for 23 years. pic.twitter.com/W0spH32Wst
Encore en retard, cher ami. Les maths sont un peu depassées.
Syria's old problem has been Baathist centralization (#Antifragile). Simple re-municipalization removes the pressure. @SimaDiab @EHSANI22
Why?
Erdogan has the dream of every boss: loved by a majority, feared by the unanimity.
High "IQ"?
Yes I did.
Without evidence, you shut the fuck up. Straightforward empiricism: you have pic of the Black Swan. Kapish?
Fucking idiot he is a friend of mine and the diff is substantial.
المشرق - الشرق الأدنى  الشرق الأوسط
I think it started with Nixon or during his reign. The same Nixon confused Algeria and Nigeria.
Principle not principal. Please Correct!
Archeologists have always separated the two. Proche et Moyen Orient
OK, Northern Mesopotamia (Nineveh).
You, Syria, Lebanon, Turkey = Near. The rest = Middle.
Near East is separate
not the same
I am not writing Italian, but 1920s Kalabrez (Galabrez), a language some people call Calabrese, & Cavour assumed was Arabic. @jacopogio
2) and we can observe the volatility much more than the underlying. @rroyji @FiveThirtyEight
For an option volatility often matters much, much more than underlying.  @rroyji @FiveThirtyEight
Zoroastrian in 7th C
Who are you trying to fool? Saudi Barbaria recently beheaded a Shiite cleric. @luhidan7777 @Leb12er
Talmud Bavli in... Arabic 20- volume translation. pic.twitter.com/Rgsu7h1MjE
What dat? Where? Amioun?
La prossima volta!
The odometer was broken, so he refrained from riding his bicycle. His cycling didn't count towards his "goal". "Modernized" systems metrify.
Actually, just realized, *pirated* version in Italian!
The ratio male/female hurricanes is monstrously random, Maestro Marco, @MAvellaneda55 pic.twitter.com/SSviVczJO3
Mediocristan, sub-Mediocristan because bounded. @nalinmoniz @FiveThirtyEight
Maestro Marco @MAvellaneda55  This is BS, Pinker Style,(i.e. BS  a la @sapinker). Affaire close. pic.twitter.com/HGi99138pk
Right but exaggerated since they moved out of Stanford back to NY.
Have to rush get squid ink. Got the data, n=95. Will process.
Where?
How about 1) Fit (RHR 58) and 2) Borderline Hypertensive (140/85)?
on it!
Medical Quandaries: Can one have both  low resting heart beat & hypertension low RHB & CVD? low RHB & insulin resist L RHB  & metabolic s?
The River Vikings did worse: they navigated rivers & lifted boats across rough spots!
Imbecile, historical data is in W since it is an estimator.
How to price an election [DRAFT]; why @FiveThirtyEight should engage in some other business than prediction. pic.twitter.com/QfHYqE0DR5
My friend, I blocked that idiot.
I think they also were also 10-11 C Viking mercenaries in the employment of the Basileus.
@caitlinrgreen The Volga Vikings, some Arabic texts about their Baghdad colony.
Llewelyn, @Charles_Lister is a fraud. @llewelyn_morgan
Went from: IYIs (Intellectuals Yet Idiots) support GMOs to Those who support GMOs are IYIs. Why?  IYIs can't tell scientism from science.
Tu remarqueras qu'il est couché ce qui n'est pas du tout un mouvement naturel.Les banq. centr. ne font jamais rien de vrai
6:30 but  never before. pic.twitter.com/2evbvTGO5B
Never never  before 6:30.
Redoing: What fits best for an IYI?
Worth learning Arabic just to read comment by Wahabis upset w/Putin's conference promoting tolerant CentAsian/Ottoman Sunnism #مؤتمر_الشيشان
What fits best for an IYI?
The IYI (intellectual yet idiot) class are like English or psych majors arguing with speaker in advanced mathematics seminar. #Notevenwrong
Bingo! @han0z @zerohedge  Here is the derivation: pic.twitter.com/MQ9KH0tZLM
Half of America owns 1% of America's wealth => Pareto 80/20 (same inequality Pareto found in land ownership in Italy late 19th C) @zerohedge
Obvious thing: to remove Salafis from Sunnism & revert to 1950s tolerant Sunnism. With #مؤتمر_الشيشان that's what Putin is doing! Brilliant!
I blocked the guy, Richard. Filtering is essential on twitter.
!
No, no, no Milena. This is called fitting a just-so story by some IYI psychologist.
I am your student! Actually aphorism in BoP: "nobody will envy you for your wisdom".
Why?
That's almost done! In Silent Risk chapters.
Is it me or ... nobody is noticing that the movement for nonSalafi Sunnism  #مؤتمر_الشيشان  is happening in... Russia! @aboabid @trscbrs
5/ Further difference betw academia and real life:  Others will envy you for your knowledge less than they would for your credentials.
Yes, the Romans wrote "Jesus of Nazareth, king of ... the Jews (Judeans)" as irony to show imposture.
At what age?
So this is the victory of Russian Sunnism replacing Ottoman Sunnism!
Torn My focus shoud be for 2017 + Finishing Skin in the Game or + Deadlifting 440 lbs (slowed by 2 lifting injuries)
7asal 3l mu2tamar bi Grozny (balad e Sheshen)!
Bethlehem was in Judea the idea of linking Jesus to Nazareth (INRI on the cross) was to emphasize his non Judean side @MrNathanRollins
@FelixSumba @njm1211 @_CrackerFactory Imbecile where does Greek culture come from?
no nitwit Rome is a tributary of Ancient Med culture plus same populations.
Who is talking about knowledge? We are talking about academic careers. Kapish?
4/ Tweets triggered by draft of bio of math/trader Ed Thorp who said his most difficult job ever was head of math department at UC Irvine.
Yes, fuckoff.
3/ The probability of getting a "tenure track" position for a new PhD has been getting closer & closer to 0.
No.
Which part of "~" you don't understand?
2/ You can tell people who come from countries w/rent seeking; they think that business is zero-sum: wealth is money taken from others.
Academia is ~ zero-sum: every position/honor/promotion/rank/reward is taken from someone else.  Business on the other hand creates business.
No, just classifying power laws not C (otherwise P^1 should be P^0 bec not in C^1). Just happened to match C^2.
Improved on my paper on power laws thanks to the great maestro @MAvellaneda55 pic.twitter.com/GSOR3CpgUx
Assyrians are not Babylonians. Closer to Anatolians. Spoke Semitic language variant of Accadian but could be linguistic transfer
Bingo!
BS.
Min 2bl hayde el-fatra, 2abl el "finikiyyin" ma32ul kano sha3b 2arib min el Hittiyyin wal Yunaniyyin.
Speculationdujour: Is Levant/Canaan Semitic by language not population? (Turkey mostly Turkic by language nt origin) pic.twitter.com/MADwI8VjQF
Ya ret fiyye e3mol mishwar ma3kun shi yom.
No, see the rest. Only people physically harmful to society.
Adding: unethical here is also harmful to society.
If someone is doing something legal but very unethical, is it ethical to stop him by doing something illegal? Is it ethical to not stop him?
Franklin is the real thing!
Modernity turned Olympic athletes into Roman gladiators, captives.  The Greek ideal was to never do activities that reduce one's humanity.
makes sense! Abon d'bshmaya is that the real father is in the heavens! Replaces filial piety!
Christians martyrs died resisting eating sacrificial meat. Torture was to force feed them. Wa lastu min akala la7m el Dha7aya
What part of "likely" you didn't get? REMINDER: I block nitpickers.
2) But they started diminishing the role of women before Islam, by killing (not tophet-style) female newborn.
Much of Semitic dietary laws kept people from socializing outside group. @5n20_Blackbirds
@JohnDCook pic.twitter.com/LI6qd1PajT
Not blaming you. It's just that I wrote 5 books around the point, plus papers. I had blocked @mattstat because he was a fraud.
"3- Probability and Decisions Cannot be Naively Extracted from Each Other" for instance
Anger is privilege for the strong, duty for the righteous, and self-harm for the weak.
I am citing Titus Livius, & you are bringing... Hannity? Watch out: You are one of the few economists I haven't blocked. @ModeledBehavior
Anger is not for the weak, the vain, the scheming, the fake, and the insecure. "Vana est sine viribus ira"
Anger/outrage have a purpose: use them to act! Ira quae tegitur nocet:Contained anger harms,Seneca. Also: Courroux est vain sans forte mains
2/For Dionysian/extatic cults in AsiaMinor/Levant:see Tmpl of Bacchus in Baalbeck. RESIDUE: Sufis & others (Gnostics) partook of sim cults.
Speculation: Islam "discouraged" alcohol as fence ag. paganism linked to Bacchic ( Iobacchi) & Dionysian societies prevalent in Asia Minor.
Non, je veux dire leur etude est un peu...
A bit late to the party, no?
I actually used expansions and got the PDF later. But no need as we can integrate without PDF. (order of int)
Christians refused to eat sacrificial meat in reaction ag. pagans; Al Akhtal's reaction  ag. halal: pic.twitter.com/5nQ9DhQBPa
I am on the pagan side. After Christians took power, they became oppressors, much more intolerant.
We are discussing rebels not rulers. "martyr" for "martyr". Kapish? @rizikaoikonomik
On peut en parler si vous voulez.
On the difference betw Christian & Salafi "martyrs". Christians did not attack their pagan enemies. Delenda Salafis pic.twitter.com/aQwVfkJadr
If you want squid ink, make Sicilian friends. Good stuff not on the market. To make Sicilian friends you need the right attitude. @clennox
Squid ink. Friday, of course. pic.twitter.com/zh2FHmC1dw
too far!
yeah, yeah.
See Skin in the Game. Discuss Ashura extensively.
For a Shiite reason supercedes tradition, for a Wahabi only tradition counts, "reason" does not exist; Iran is modernizing not Saudi Arabia.
This is REAL squid ink Beiruti style. 5200 years of squid ink tinkering. @humblegrape @dipiqib @ModernStoic00 pic.twitter.com/7eVv2nzmrD
2) Authentic squid ink is runny, served w/the squid itself, ironically less tasky than the bottled one. @humblegrape @dipiqib @ModernStoic00
1) The viscosity of the ink (& use of calamari) shows that it comes from a bottle, flavored w/ dry fish.@humblegrape @dipiqib @ModernStoic00
Dumb enemies are a problem as they can be very hard to predict.
Too much rice, too little ink; Squid is better for that than Calamari.
Also many small "Diracs" are in fact sampling error on too refined a histogram. pic.twitter.com/Bue3RDqrP9
Shiite Islam has put reasoning and reason into religion. @ban_kanj
I can get some mass left of 2.5 with another gamma.
You need to string distributions, see "mixtures" but non-overlapping to simplify, then MLE on pieces.
Bien voila! Sorry for the shift. @freakonometrics @ValuabilityNY pic.twitter.com/G8LZbN1QNK
Had you grown up Orthodox, you would have been told "for decorum". BTW the hijab is of Orthodox origin.
The anachronicity. You can find episodes of theocracies in Christianity. Discussion is about TODAY.
Close! Can do double gamma or, simply piecewise gamma! Calibration can lower peak! @ValuabilityNY @freakonometrics pic.twitter.com/pOy12zPl6o
Still zero! Stuck with Aramaic.
For a finite variance Student T, convergences ... @ProbFact  We can get explicit dist for sums pic.twitter.com/HrT9VU77Of
and BTW Hayek was trained in law and politics.
Those who wear them France are not Shiites (tolerant) or Catholics (now tolerant) nuns, but are signaling Salafism.
there are 2 hijabs, one religiois, the other an expression of political system that refuses others.
My grandmother as devoit Greek Orthodox wore  a head scarf. But it did not signal Jihadism.
Shiites are no different from catholics in that respect. Doesn't signal intolerance.
But then non Salafis do not want to impose their laws on others.
Advice for next time: I systematically block nitpickers. Hinders debate. Kapish?
2/ It is a category mistake to compare a Catholic nun to a Jihadi. One is religion, the other is LAW. Kapish? pic.twitter.com/OZvzWS0mPj
False equivalence. Catholicism separates church/state; Salafism is a criminal all-encompassing political mvt.Kapish? pic.twitter.com/GsuCM97Xpt
Quelqu'un devrait traduire.
@justinmarozzi justin why are you retweeting Jihadi propaganda? They are the ones killing civilia ns.
Chicago Tim Kane?
Economists are like soldiers selected and trained for only rituals and parades. But they are very good with rituals and parades.
Those who say "I feel sorry for you" mean "I feel envy". Those who really feel sorry for you don't say anything.
. @SanguineEmpiric Moralists discuss mores (moeurs) not morals.
they burned the Gnostic stuff
Olivi did other stuff than contracts.
Nathanael Andrade, Syrian identity in the Greco-ROman World.
not any
Nothing wrong but the origin is Syrian.
Most urban Sunnis are not of Arab origin.
Yes will make connection as it doesn't have to be.
Math du jour: (for my book with @DrCirillo) uncovered oddity of Levy-Stable distribution around alpha =1 pic.twitter.com/FXIswBYFQp
RIght: Semites and desert people refuse human representation (iconoclasts) vs Mediterraneans & Persians (Shiites)
and Syriac speakers like Ben Hunain.
but mosques were near-exact copies of Orthodox churches of the time, some built by Byzantine architects.
2/ Steady "Arabization" of Syria, away from its rich Syro-Greco-Aramaic heritage via schooling; shd reverse after Saudi bankruptcy.
1)The tension in Syria has antecedent:1000 y tension SyroPhoenician Graeco-Roman v/s desert Arabs; cities vs desert. pic.twitter.com/jMvid2I2a3
Have I ever been subtle with my opinions? @JRLV_Inc
Also path dependent
Maybe I can switch. But I have been close to elephants, never hippos.
They are not vegetarians!
The elephant may misbehave on the occasion (particularly during hormonal episodes) but he is not a predator.
Do your fucking homework before asking a writer a question.
Refine your mind, avoiding BS, journos,& statistical noise to the point that a logical flaw/nonsense sound like a jarring note in a concert.
A paper to present to @DrCirillo at his conference in Leiden. With mistakes. pic.twitter.com/O3aA8AvR02
Remind me when it is out to collect your free copy.
Plautus: "Eru'meus elephanti corio circumtentust" My master has the *skin of an elephant* @bradd_libby
killo méshé.
Elephant. My favorite animal: takes no crap, gives no crap, harms no-one but when one tries to harm it, never forgets.
Yes I said close.
That's for you to add.
Pagan certainly on top. Rest is fluid.
All books have animals now in UK @JamesNamor pic.twitter.com/j6LMapwKyN
Next June!
Thing for squid Ink went too far. Publisher asked "what animal on the cover of Antifragile?" I said "squid!". Close. pic.twitter.com/bOYrhrwO2X
Then secular category.
Tolerance (intellectual): Pagan Gr-Roman>Christian(Orth)~Muslim (Shiite)~Secular> Protestant>Christian (Cath)>Atheist>Muslim (Salafi). True?
I am waiting to see if I will go with the Libertarian guy. But what I heard in the past 24h was good.
Olive oil, onion, tomato. No garlic needed. Some lemon juice.
Chris, where did you see this?
Je ne vois pas. C'est bien St Just qui est l'auteur, non?
Happy birthday.
Why? I just tried it today.
I genuinely want to know... I didn't buy it for lack of space in handbag.
Friends, does anyone know this book? “On Monotheistic Violence”. pic.twitter.com/qjxNZTQtoA
IU? What dat?
What do you mean "censored"?
What's wrong with narcissists?
Hope you and your family members are OK.
Let me look!
Student days. pic.twitter.com/9c4qbugqlJ
Godel-Popper rule: No freedom to the enemies of freedom No rights to the enemies of rights No democracy to the enemies of democracy Kapish?
Russians know these things!
Car ahead of me with SQUIDINK license plate. Trying to make contact, get recipes, restaurant names ... pic.twitter.com/40UHd6ypEj
Syncretist.
what is the ... religion of the perpetrator?
Was mistaken... thought they used probability more sophisticated way. BEcause there are no Black Swan effects in binaries.
I am allergic to the term"contrarian". Assumes a contrary opinion on everything, the opposite of critical thinking. Kapish?   @AlanInterface
Donno... don't think so.
My point is that although measurable, measurement error is huge in the tails, so precision is impossible for ranking.
Imbecile, compare under Ottoman to under Wahabis. My ancestors spent 431 years as Ottoman.
Pre-1918, 2 centers of Islam: Istanbul v/s Wahabis. West (UK) supported Wahabi revolt. If Erdogan brings back Istanbul, much, much better!
Thou Shalt Not use Publick Service to Collect Speaking Fees.  (Skin in the Game) pic.twitter.com/X35gMq2dc0
Small differences in sigma/errors blow up a 6-sigma by a huge "yuge" amount @D0YouEvenSplash @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/nPeL4uNMwN
Exactly. But variance has bigger even effect in tails. And the inverse problem is  tail imprecision.
Here shows comparisons of convavity between n-iterated logthms and power functions @5upercrab pic.twitter.com/KBPdshFodr
But tail variance reduces precision.
close to 0.
As much as I am allergic to Arabic, Arabianism & all it stands for, 3aforim is not from Aramaic. pic.twitter.com/YR7YeRuK7V
La2, bi-Amioun min2oul 3aforim la "3afek" (= bravo)
3aforim
la2 jarreb ba3d marra
Please explain.
Iterated logarithms are naturally found in probability, even in number theory.
Karsenty thinks heavy people have healthier bones.
Sunk cost fallacy is only fallacy for specific series of independent bets. @rorysutherland @alexvgeorgiev @TriversRobert @jasonacollins
These pple, like 538, are not getting that a poll is an *estimator*, hence tracking error pulls it towards 50%. @tomgg @zhaep @neilchriss
The only members of the "Arab League" I would allow myself to visit are Syria, Iraq, if that gives you a hint.
Math du jour: nesting functions for iterated logarithms, the perfect concave but unbounded function. pic.twitter.com/ohPgT4Zuzs
Olympics: Greek ideal of ἀρετή, at human scale. Circus: exploitation of deformities, unscaled Current Olympics: exploitation of deformities!
Christians used Syriac script Garshuni.
Voltaire fucked up with Jean Fréron
No true deadlifter will be logically defective.
Block someone logically defective w/low-self esteem & you have an overactive hater for life: cheapest possible advertising money can buy.
where Mike?
OK, now <3%. [correcting # of Protestants in France rose in past 2 decades]
La trahison des clercs, vol 2. @Roman_Latkovic
Never imagined that, in 2016, people selfdefined on the "left" would be in favor of repression, cronyism, lobbies, elitism, &... Salafism !
No, nitwit, it means that things that replicate should be Lindy not that Lindy things should replicate.
Overconfidence:"I lost money because of my excessive confidence",Erasmus citing Theognis, Epicharmus @rorysutherland pic.twitter.com/c5vjFqVrRH
There is no bias here: for silent evidence you need a diff betw populations. Kapish?
Population doubled in 12 years?
BS.
Dozens of studies showing survival advantage for nondiabetic overweight ppl... pic.twitter.com/CjCYWu0Cpi
Data please? Last I saw was 550K.
No evidence. SLightly overweight people live longer.
It is van der Wijk's law for alpha<2. But the proof via fragility what I am working on.
FactTduJour:  3 out of the 4 most erudite Frenchmen in history: Casaubon, Scaliger, & Bayle were Protestant. Protestants today<1% of France.
Weightlifting is not for thin people. Overoptimized for weight, hence fragile! @JonathanWaxman1
Loss aversion was in Cicero.
too young.
Saudi approach: hire a PR firm to "improve their image" rather than just evolve Like Monsanto Anyone interested in perception will go bust
Not quite...
I would stop actually later, at the French Moralists (La Rochefoucault...). See Elster for catalogue. @rorysutherland
The bet: if psychological finding is NOT in the classics <Montaigne, it is not real. Cog disson was in Aesop.  #LindyEffect @rorysutherland
Is this true? I bet you $1 it doesn't replicate;  and if it does, it will do so v. weakly.
Notes on one of Elster's books. He is the MAIN social science thinker; gets Lindy Effect  @avermeule @biillyb pic.twitter.com/KMYP3kNCz8
Indeed, Eastern Aramaic used as "husband." <= fertility! @alexshd @funtime_bobby @holland_tom pic.twitter.com/oPqOa1NYlb
Yes Er3 Ba3l in Aramaic means unfertilized or fertilized land, can't remember which.
Baal like Adon (=>Adonis) interpreted as "Lord" in Canaanite. Baal Mammon, Baalat Gebala... "Baal shem tov" = Lord w/ gd name @holland_tom
The sicarii were into political assassination, not harming children. @iMetaldog @ayhanusa
Derivations of how to make and update election forecasts without BS. Trying @WolframResearch new release Mathematica pic.twitter.com/VSLtigZqz3
That's it! On my second reading.
I always block people for Sophistry. Simple allergy.  Let me know when a devout Orthodox blows up a bus full of infidel children. @ayhanusa
2/ Salafis preach in schools (incl. in Europe) that Shiites, atheists, pagans, classicists, (often) Christians/Jews are infidel deviants.
It is NOT racism to discriminate against people dressed according to a sect that discriminates against "infidels", that is, you.
The "no arbitrage" equality forces the error on binary to ->0 which matchers Brier in discrete 1shots @DrCirillo @foxyforecaster @PTetlock
This is the rigorous proof on way to make time estimates @DrCirillo @foxyforecaster @PTetlock pic.twitter.com/rC3MgfGXDO
Thanks Malfono
Next time I visit London we can do a real lunch.
Yes isn't this what I posted?
No, it is the same technique I used.
Literalism: Few pagans believed in the myths. R L Fox see also Veyne (Skin in the game) pic.twitter.com/HHnJcSkUH4
Imbecile, it has nothing to do with race but dressing like members of a violently intolerant subsect: Salafism @artaphernes
This is irresponsibly stupid, illogical, and downright dangerous. Blocking you.
Paris is an energy neutral city. pic.twitter.com/7Vnmnv6xR2
(cont) Levantine: ana/inté/inté/hu/hi/nihna/into(n)/into(n)/hinné/hinné. Note é @candela3paz @manfromatlan @funtime_bobby @Flyfiddlesticks
The basics: nun used in NW Semitic as in Levantine. @candela3paz @manfromatlan @funtime_bobby @Flyfiddlesticks pic.twitter.com/5of2FME8SO
Syriac is Eastern Aramaic.
Great news: Arabic writing is starting to vanish from Christian areas in Lebanon. A cop had "POLICE" on his shirt. pic.twitter.com/mrYa5w0t3d
You are NOT getting that your Brier is a Norm L2 distance minimizer. Stop tweeting for Baal's sake. @PTetlock
Completely wrrrong. The norm L-2 distance is MINIMIZED by lowering estimator variance, Hence my method @PTetlock pic.twitter.com/8kKzVn8pCX
Simulations of election processes over 100 days, in Blue is How to Not Update proba a la @FiveThirtyEight. Clueless! pic.twitter.com/zUfnNTnji6
OK le plus proche: val d'oise, 20 km
Paris: a school named after a high school dropout; rebellious poem on the wall. Did they notice the contradiction? pic.twitter.com/dD2sRoHWLR
Jet Lag: Proved that mean rises for ALL power laws when alpha stochastic, discussion w @financequant, @DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/M8dGwDmWLh
(cont) More expamples pic.twitter.com/LtUKpQrJ3V
(cont) a tutorial on standard way to look at elections. Updating proportional to square root of time to elections. pic.twitter.com/gbq1pqtkEJ
To remove the verbose psychoBS, this is the rigorous way to deal with elections. @AHDidea @PTetlock pic.twitter.com/0mXzIuw17l
Feller is a giant in his own right!
The child of jet lag: how uncertainty makes violence worse, supplement to paper  w @DrCirillo (with errors...) pic.twitter.com/aPvl6Dvxcp
Since when has he been in Damascus?
4) Quick explanation of  mechanism & why @FiveThirtyEight should stop confusing the public. (sorry for mistakes) pic.twitter.com/LghTxDRN3b
@G_Exercitus  There is no gamma at infinite volatility in the Black Scholes world, but there is under power-laws.
Yes, or our confidence about changes in reality should be much lower.
Exactly! The backward law of iterated expectations!
Actually, in a Lognormal models, all deltas go to 100. You need a Normal model for 50/50, or symmetric dist.
Bingo!
3) More technically, when the variance of the probability is v. high it converges to 50%. Kapish?  (metaprobability).
2/ So @FiveThirtyEight is showing us a textbook case on how to be totally *clueless* about probability yet make a business in it.
1/@FiveThirtyEight : 55% "probability" for Trump then 20% 10 d later, not realizing their "probability" is too stochastic to be probability.
Pas vraiment: il s'agit de personnes qui rapetissent les autres.
You may catch economists, same thing.
Bon on recommence: Le grand ne rappetisse pas Le petit n'aggrandit pas
Oui merci j'avais vu.
Infallible way to catch Salafis Jihadists at a checkpoint: ask them to crack a joke.Salafis, by definition, are devoid of any sense of humor
It is not Arabic I don't use Arabic but Levantine. Now fuckoff.
Clearer now: Syriac (ignore pronounciation as this is Eastern way). pic.twitter.com/JWDVD9a0ZH
Actually Elhi Elhi (transcribed from Eloi, Greek that has no h)
Voila SBK pic.twitter.com/WJQ1HZpklC
Not here, in NY.
incidentally, a3zab in Levantine has same root as above (text is Jewish Aramaic, includes Maaloula and West Syro-Lebanon).
lama sabaktani, I thought (abandoned me, left me behind), 3azab stronger (mercy killing). pic.twitter.com/7WVKXDyYBz
In French it works well @ArmandDAngour : Le grand ne rappetit pas Le petit n'aggrandit pas
The small will never make you feel great;  the great will never make you fee small. ( الزغير ما بكبٌر والكبير ما بزغٌر) Better translation
Ez z'3ir ma bi kabber w l'kbir ma mi za'3'3er.
Then the link is between IQ and longevity, not expression of IQ, Kapish?
You proved defect in your logical wiring. ASSUMES I turned on econs AFTER rejection, not since 1996(DH).Idiot!
To assume that academic economists are "experts" on anything requires total empirical blindness. @yoramdw @JustinWolfers
(Skin in the Game)
No, the heir is Edgar Taleb Khoury
A pilgrimage to my great-gr-gr-gr-gr-grandfather's house in Amioun pic.twitter.com/sD9XZkOuYD
No, no, no. Look at studies subsequently deemed bogus & notice how hyped up by journos. My horror as a statistician
Proper statistical causation: Take a cohort of readers & PREVENT some randomly selected from reading. Kapish? @amsterdamtrader @Silva
I did.
Rohan, the NYT idiots (IYI) got it backward. Those who live longer necessarily have a longer functioning intellectual/visual ability @Silva
The Iliad, assuming that was "fiction".
Piketty more than challenged: in addition his measure of inequality is flawed @NessimAitKacimi pic.twitter.com/Kw2yuN09CH
Preordered 2 copies, just in case one is lost.
The problem w Mainstream Media: unlike book authors, journos are mostly worried about the opinions of other journos, not those of readers.
Arabs still don't read books... Most books in Levant in Engl/Fr
Factdujour: Averroes (IbnRushd) was unpublished in Arabic bef 1859, while 100s of eds in Latin! [The grrrreat Renan] pic.twitter.com/MVyHxN1hXB
Mala grammatica non vitiat chartam @dottorpax
If I ran for office, I'd avoid public statements that don't entail personal risks in making them.
Kadisha Valley near Ehden, 19 km  from Amioun (and 20 degrees F cooler). pic.twitter.com/i99s0M4PaC
Tom, can be true, but watch out the Saudi-funded PR machine.I am in North Lebanon talking to Sunnis who just crossed border...
We don't know what we talk about when we say "Religion". Salafis (& most atheists) take religion literally. pic.twitter.com/I1ZhUT3ye6
Mul7id is of Syriac-Aramaic origin
Will be there in a few hours.
Likely right!
As a child,I never imagined that Sunni girls wd trade miniskirts for hijab & boys would blow themselves up to get on GoogleNews.  #BlackSwan
My prediction, particularly for Europe. Eventually, violence never stays 1-way. (@zerohedge ) pic.twitter.com/ELbVMmQrIb
Finally, results for the preasymptotics of semi-fat tailed & fat tailed distributions for @DrCirillo's conference pic.twitter.com/b7POA4952o
He is right. Moscow is not technically a patriarchate; if it is one it comes #6 (Rome, Const, Jer, Ant, Alex)
The Right wants one $ one vote.  The IYI (intellectual yet idiot) Left wants one degree one vote. The rest of us want one person one vote.
Candela, sorry to tell you, but no true squid ink pasta eater would have it in the pasta itself. That's for airport duty free
We need Armand! Was thinking of late August.
The trip to Oxford is becoming a pressing matter.
Horace translated by Fat Tony: "Those you meet on the way up, you will also meet on the way down." @ArmandDAngour @TijlDeconynck
This Epistle is Gold. @ArmandDAngour pic.twitter.com/tslgg8xuWs
Federal Reserve: Stultorum incurata pudor malus ulcera celat [Horace] The fool through excess modesty hides his wound instead of healing it.
2/You don't become economist by accident but genetic mutation: low curiosity/erudition, inability to be bored by boring stuff, colorlessness
Who would you avoid in a street fight? A young economist who looks like an economist A 75 y.o. who deadlift >405 lbs
Incorporating 3ashura in Skin in the Game: "qorban" @ban_kanj @faleflix pic.twitter.com/EGjszWuo24
This pasta is from Emilia Romana
Friends are easy I need interesting enemies. @Spfannenschmidt
Pesticide (herbicide, insecticide,etc.) is systematically giving nature antibiotics followed by chemotherapy, & claim "no evidence" of harm.
Ok, more squid ink (it's Friday) pic.twitter.com/UPsch6QjGr
"اما باقي الابيات فهي من تكملة الشعراء على لسان الامام الحسين (ع)"
Ban @ban_kanj  this is your department.
One should call IYI people just what they are: Intellectuals Yet Idiots.  @AdamThierer @hbkazemi33 @calestous pic.twitter.com/ciiTgLio2l
The other Schacht, link between fiqh and Roman law. pic.twitter.com/YsYN3m3lF5
Yan Kan, see at how his mind works that studying logic makes pple categorize, think in slogans, lose ability to analyze.
There was a sect on Mount Gezirim issued from them. Very little written about it. Also transmission via Gnostics.
Fat Tony on Michael Bloomberg: "The man has never been self-owned; he is one of those who get more dependent as they get richer".
2/ When you have skin in the game, boring things like checking the safety of the aircraft cease to be boring. @nntaleb
More from Schacht! pic.twitter.com/cjxFo8MeyU
Nothing can be both boring and truly important.
Note that Islamic contract law contains terms that are > Latin than Greek; Latin was used in Beirut School of Law. @Nb1769 @ByzantJustice
Make the analogy to another branch of a Monotheistic religion, 2 sons killed, same name as 3eli
For fellow funded by Saudi$, investigate U.S.Wahabi preacher Joe Bradford. Hides under Xtian name @joebradfordnet @sylvainlp @GhassanDahhan
Don't trust their baskets.
My friend, looking for scoops, not marketing... the kind of stuff traders tell traders.
Thanks!
We are looking for collective behavior by a group of people TODAY, not anecdotes about their clergy. Kapish?
No, I am looking to buy... or be prepared to buy after an event.
Twitter friends, anyone knows of a Cat Bond ETF? Thanks.
Religious Texts are never precise enough--which explains longevity. "The devil can quote the scriptures for his own case" @candela3paz
Consider Levantine gnosticism since there is taqiyya & Iranian Shiism came from Lebanon.
Severe error to look at texts; observe social/political behavior. Shiites act like Westerners (Catholicism of 50s) @schmittpaula @mtpollack
(cont) The error by West to classify Salafis as "religion"( #SaudiBarbaria propaganda); shd be criminalized as genocidal political movement.
The regulation of the cults by the state was proposed by Plato in Laws. Nobody cared for 800 y. Salafism an old idea pic.twitter.com/RXoezTkpzS
More probable that the source had a genetic mutation than the proba being unconditionally low. @John1ODea
To perpetuate a lie, you must whisper it, not shout it.
Explain your logical flaw: of course they have missiles pointed at us SINCE we are not allies. @spencer_chen
Indeed! Look at new version.
Iocus Russicae:  Si Donaldus ascendit, Hilaria perdiderit
Yes I know I use it jokingly "he is not just a friend of mine, but a friend of ours" ! (No space above).
"My friend": 1) politicians: anybody, 2) pple: friend 2) namedropper: a hotshot, 2) mafia: another member, 3) me: I forgot his first name.
Someone explain in clear logical terms why the US has an alliance w/Saudi Barbaria, but refuses one with Russia on grounds of "democracy".
Skin in the game!
(Version 2, longer) People don't know what they are talking about when they say "religion". pic.twitter.com/JX4G9OWL9G
She is NOT christian.
Was asked w/my anti-Salafi activism to worry about safety. Wahabis can't do targeted killing. Too low IQ. Only 87 y.o.s & random children.
Typo: I meant "by opposition to "superstitio
(Cont) No term for religion in Greek (just cults) & in latin it meant superstitio (fear of gods). 3rd reading! pic.twitter.com/qIUV3DaJiz
I know a secret Sicilian restaurant.
2/ Unlike in France, there are only two types of Jihadis in Lebanon. Those who are incarcerated, & those who have been ...liquidated.
It needs to have a dense squid ink sauce. Few know hiw to make it in the US
About to spend a few days in France & Lebanon. In France my risk detector is always on alert. Never in Lebanon.
Gad I forget to ask, with all your great qualities, do you eat squid ink?
Closer to transfats! @trishankkarthik @calestous
Blocked all above: theological found. of Christianity is to give Caesar & avoid nomological."kingd of earth"
I only drive it locally.
Conditional on act of terrorism, what's the probability of person being Salafi? 99.9% P[A|B] not P[B|A]. Now I can block you.  @SaraAssaf
>99.9% of targeted Euro/US civilians in past 18y by Salafi/Wahabis yet some try equivalence w/Shiism. crypto #ISIS sympathizers @SaraAssaf
A 60 year program of top-down secularization in Syria& Mesopotamia & 100Y in Turkey has led to worsening.  @British_Aladdin @AlMesopotamian
Basically the minority rule doesn't harm in mixed populations. @yaneerbaryam has shown effects of cantons. @British_Aladdin @AlMesopotamian
No, no, no.
Paradoxically, in places like Syria where they are native, I would give them their own municipalities, & isolate the rest. @British_Aladdin
Problem is also "measured" & fake-scholars Qatar-Wahabi funded propagandists s.a. Shadi Hamid @shadihamid invading think tanks s.a Brookings
Waiting for the electric version!
OK, this is the flaneurmobile pic.twitter.com/yLgh4ADsOM
Should I show a picture of my car the flaneurmobile, Yes/No? @WriterPb
The Monsanto Shill Juma produces a perfect illustration of a severe IYI reasoning error @Calestous @trishankkarthik pic.twitter.com/B3efJC9i07
You are not getting that exp family => max ent but max ent :=> exp family. Stop putting my handle, Kapish?!.
Without a computer I can imagine uniform comes from setting close interval with no constraint on mean.
If you don't constrain the mean and max ent for log you get power laws.
Doesn't mean all max ent are exponential family.
But then the max ent may give you a uniform. False?
Good  insight: a true non informative prior would be Arcsine law style peaking on 0 and 1 not 1/2.
Lose 140k subscribers?
In 2010, closed Twitter acct to focus on Antifragile. Worked! Reopened 11/2012 to punish BS reviewers For SITG shd I
Because it is unbiased, so 50/50.
Excellent! Convexity effects contradict mean-field/naive evol.@yaneerbaryam @gwaconstable @Plektix @Corina_tarnita pic.twitter.com/J3jfHOuSW0
2/ Look at the metaproba! Same BS as Jay Ulfedler's @dtchimp "mathematical model". @philipbstark @johndurant pic.twitter.com/5pHyJyLLVw
"jekk inkellmek bil-Malti, tifhem zgur" in Levantine: Iza kellmek bil-Malti, tifhem"  Nifhem! Iva (Aywa)
Which probabilities are decidable? Which ones are balloney? @philipbstark @PhillipsPasha @mtracey @johndurant pic.twitter.com/Gdy8L0wjL1
Salafism: Imagine religion having intolerant beliefs about the State; the State having intolerant beliefs about religion, together. @fpoling
Nicholas, tell this low-IQ bully to go fuck himself. You are standing for real freedom of expression.
Sorry, pal, but the Sultans had Qanun laws that were of Byzantine origin & separate from Sharia. @Nb1769
The idea is: to be "decidable", error on probability < error on exp. payoff @philipbstark @ReekRend @PhillipsPasha @mtracey @johndurant
"Probability" following the path of maestros Freedman and Stark @philipbstark @PhillipsPasha @mtracey @johndurant pic.twitter.com/NTTjyOGNaL
Good you distinguish between small s and big S Salfism.
Oui; even more broadly the religion. And they started in the 1600s!
Not it. Fughedabout jurisprudence, focus on structure and theology.
Journalistic. I tried. Read Corbin.
2) so the ignorance is not just with Christianity; it is to the point that Salafizers talk about Shiite thought without the slightest grasp
1) My experience w/Salafi and Co: could not find one w/erudition outside Islamic studies; they get lost in "meta" discussions of religion.
It says "most function words are Semitic". I can understand Maltese.
Any details about him, his funding, his allegiance? Spent time glancing at his book: seems very very ignorant.
Meaning absurd to direct "Islamophobia" at Shiites when they act differently. Shd be Salafiphobia. Kapish? @TheBobber
Indeed! That's the middle category in the "...".
No"discussion" w/Salafis & Co: the Jesuits tried for 400 y & Jesuits couldn't convert *a single one* you won't change his mind on twitter.
Anyone has some backgrounds on Brookings boy Shadi Hamid @shadihamid? Something smells funny.
Vahid, as a Shiite, I am sure you can do better. We can detect a Salafi from 1000 yards away.
Hmar (donkey) means imbecile in Arabic and Aramaic. Kapish?
This is not a zen proverb but an antisemitic qoranic verse. @DPrabhata
"Truce" in complicated games lower unintended consequences & develop into "peace".
(cont) Islamists think their "expertise" allows debating me on religion, as if memorizing multiplication tables made one a mathematician.
Use any book on inequalities will refer to proba when applicable. Best survey is DRAGOMIR.
Christian Aramaic (Syriac) separates church from law by using the Greek *nomos* in place of the Aramaic "Din". pic.twitter.com/VCcdcKa6aO
Aramaic meaning of "Din": all of it = *law*. Remarkably Christian Aramaic uses Nomos for law:separation church/state pic.twitter.com/4uEdKvKcqA
(cont) Original meaning of "Religion" in Arabic "Din" = law. Hard to explain "secular but religious" to a Salafi. pic.twitter.com/hWpOu9xau5
yes but the Pauline branch
The open-endedness of 2nd cat & tone wd lead anyone with IQ>75 to read "at least 3". You don't seem very developed intellectually
So do your friends. Which is why there is a game-theory driven quite solid "truce".
Check the works of Santa Fe people on cities and scaling. Betancourt, etc.
In Malta they write a similar language to Shami in latin alphabet. It works!
So Mr Bradford you have been getting money from Saudi Sources. I have no more use for you. @joebradfordnet
Mr Bradford are you financed by Saudi Arabia, yes/no @joebradfordnet
Imbecille, stai sostenedo salafiti? Rimuovere me dal thread.
Mr Bradford 1) Is your Salafi preaching financed in any way by Saudi Arabia? 2) Were you born or converted?  @joebradfordnet
Sorry to intervene, but nonsense.
Mr Ahman Al-Shathry you keep anwering w/incomprehensible tirades. Are you Salafi/Wahabi, Yes/No? @Abunass3r
Is is Yes or No? Just one word in English. @Abunass3r
Mr Ahmad Al-shathry, can you give a straight answer: Yes/No are you a Salafi/Wahabi?  @Abunass3r
No worship without Skin in the Game. The Gods don't like Cheap Tawk. pic.twitter.com/0DUQ7EWuIJ
Imbecile, this is meant to show random violence is only Salafis, not Shiite, Sufi or Sunni-secular. @Streitapfel
Le me rephrase: How many Protestant, Shiites, Sufis, that is, nonSalafis have blown up random people in Europe in 2016? @bollywig @raggedtag
How many Buddhists murder for 'religion" ?@bollywig @raggedtag
#Turkey: the press is confused; the purge isn't against securalists but Gulenists, another type of Islamists.
What is unacademic abt Leibnitz: he was incapable of working on subjects w/o big substance; even when commissioned to do historical work.
La7azt ma3 murasalete inno el3alam ahyanlon yista3mlo el-latini [cognitive effort] @CatnissEvercute @Priapus_D
Ma fi sha3b bala le'3a Ma fi le'3a bala adab - Hayde '3altet Antun s3ade Sha3bna bye7ke sheme biyektob/biye2ra Inglisi msh 3arabe @Priapus_D
Ma fi sha3b bala legha. Hayde ghaltet Antun S3adeh. @Priapus_D
huwwe el7arf el 3ibre aslo Arame.
Lezem ni7ke an "Antifragile" ma3kun. Ana 3am jarreb bi "Procrustes" laltemrin la2anno ahyan.
Bass fina ne3mol mitlel ma 3imlo el Atrak bil-"De-Arabization/Turkification": ni3te awwaliye lal3ibarat el Aramiyye.
hayda 3arabe...mu3zam mush sheme
7ada bi3alle2 3a tarjemte? pic.twitter.com/6bVgAmRyaQ
Bil Shami ma3 el 7arf el latine pic.twitter.com/ezHefPzTSJ
actually light! I ordered reg!
Meaning 100% iatrogenics. Think of a pilot who randomly pilots a plane. 100% crash. @Blacklabellogic
Could be origin of Shrq=Mizra7
Not light! And not by choice!
Take a relaxing job with free time.
An evening (pre-squid) ink with the indispensable Tom Holland @holland_tom pic.twitter.com/ZhI39WPKLy
My mother's family is Ghosn Saliba. Saliba is a Maltese name.
"Malta yok'' Fughedaboudit in Turkish, "there is no such thing as Malta", used in the Levant, partic.  my grandparents' generation.
No long aleph.
So you mean Antifragile was not brutalized?
I am interested in whether they did or did not brutalize Antifragile to test the theory of "gets stronger from stressor". Yes/No?
Mr Tashdemir,you mean they did not brutalize Antifragile? @tasdemirm
Trump's nomination proves a rule: *The most flawed of risk takers is more real than the most qualified deadfish.* Find another risk taker!
Jastrow.
Three meanings of SHRB in Aramaic. Third is to spread. @menleben pic.twitter.com/d8w69lmFdR
Discovered Sharbel is not Sharb El = Story of God but Glow of God.  @menleben pic.twitter.com/pNQi1Ld7oz
For Fat Tony f*** you money is working a job with downtime room meditation & , s a security guard & doing science on the side @alanklement
Then they should learn to keep their mouth shut. Good discipline when you don't intend to do anything. @hbkazemi33 @FedericaMog
No communiqué by empty suits does anything unless accompanied w/sanctions. Not threats, actions. Doesn't have to be military. @F1Ruaraidh
Yes! The coin is rigged.
Note that this scene dates 3 years *after* Fat Tony's advice in Antifragile.
fro naqala = to copy, transport, imitate, represent.
Ulum al Shar3iya yes, legal sc. but naqliya = empirical sciences not rational. Shar3iya can also be rational.
Note that brko/brkto is corrupted in Levantine: rikbo/rikbto. @menleben @holland_tom
Note afo (face) we use "afa" back [wesh = face] @menleben
Western Aramaic: Tapua7 pic.twitter.com/sL5jbjj8Fm
This is ktaybunotho also tef7
Levantine expression: Halime reverted to her old habits; but it rhymes [Rej3et Halimé la3adita l' 2adimé]
رجعت حليمة لعادتا القديمة! @ArmandDAngour
There is an expression in Aesop but it is not politically correct.
Did he lose weight?
Chassez le naturel il revient au gallop.
No, you are assuming even distribution. Not the case. The GMO / "rationalist" (i.e. scientism promoting) trolls cluster.
Nadim, stay rigorous. Crimes were plentiful before; and even without the crimes, secularization would have failed.
Turkey: Failure of secularization from the top (so for Syria and Iraq). Iran: the reverse?
I never compromise, never with ethics. @zayn_300 @farnamstreet
Non homogenous MC
No type 2 error: Congress of 1934,minority of 1288 delegates voted anonymously ag Staln. He killed almot all of 1288 pic.twitter.com/AM6MYeJqoF
A heuristic method to price American Options, part of my deck of unpublished results @EmanuelDerman @iMetaldog pic.twitter.com/F8Epc6p5F1
Of course. What do you tink?
5) Ramanujan's m.o: intuition + endless trial-and-error. Computers don't give direct intuition, but accelerate trials, feeding intuition.
Do you think pandits know more? #IYI (Intellectual Yet Idiots) @davidharsanyi @Trader_Moe
4/Mathematica is bringing back the Babylonian way of doing math. What if Ramanujan had Mathematica? @stephen_wolfram pic.twitter.com/oPelrRXaNg
To evaluate the truthfulness of a statement requires statements of higher universality/abstraction. No "evidence" without probability theory
We've been doing it for 20 y.
@FullTiltonic @holland_tom Means Venitian.
Venetians were Franj but also Banadiqa (bunduqia), means also bastard or mixed parentage. Bandouq means shrewd.@FullTiltonic @holland_tom
In Arabic Med is Ba7r Er- Rum so: Rumi= Mediterranean Christian Franji= Northern European Sqalibi= Slav Farisi= Persian @holland_tom
Ann ignore him this is BS
Coalition is *also* killing civilians in Syria. Why don't we call Hollande  a butcher? Because no Qatari PR firm? pic.twitter.com/EsHjLL7sCw
He probably meant the non Muslims Hellenized of Syria. Syria was Rumi for 1000 y
Rumi is Greek Roman or Mediterranean. Otherwise Franj ...
Semitic speaking world
Delenda Monsanto est. pic.twitter.com/x0lDhvBnr8
You guys spoke punic.
hi, Discussed! In US yes in India no.
Actually a typo is evidence one didn't cut/paste.
Yes because most probably never recited, just sung so dull on its own.
See my comment and that of the narrator: it is the Attic *pronounciation* (fricatives) & I wonder what Homeric sounded like
Here *pronounced* in Attic Greek ["h", "b", "u", etc.]
The beauty of the Iliad: valorous in battle yet have character flaws.
Agamemnon entering battle in state of madness. In the Iliad, both sides, Hector & Achilles are heroes. pic.twitter.com/awDPXD9Zgc
Beautiful.
Three thousand years ago, in the same location, the wrath of Achilleos ...  Μῆνιν ἄειδε, θεά, Πηληιάδεω Ἀχιλῆος pic.twitter.com/weLBURfVLH
[Silver rule/Ethics] I am a minority (Greek Orthdx) & as such I don't support Erdogan. If I were Sunni, would I support him? I can't answer.
The war agnst ISIS showed that an airforce is almost only useful against enemy with an airforce. Even less for coups. #Turkey @yaneerbaryam
It takes a diamond to cut a diamond @EmanuelDerman @carmi797
Italiano du jour: "chiodo schiaccia chiodo" @EmanuelDerman
6th sense.
ISIS gone
Beb et Tebbene
Working with the nastiest of all probability distributions: Pearson family IV. Science is never closed. pic.twitter.com/GYSN5XVOot
No, people are sensitive when they feel an ever so slight loss of privilege because of ethnicity, as in Leb/Syria.  @LudWitt @joshua_landis
For those interested in knowing why I am allergic to pol science BS entailing probability pic.twitter.com/YOOqh8ndlF
These are NOT generalizations. Disproportional power brings instability. Kapish?  Only decentralization works.  @joshua_landis @LudWitt
Not quite, in Troblos, not"intikhabot" but NthikhObét ["ét" is Syriac for "at"]. Except in Zghorta "Zharté" becomes"intikhébét"
Silver rule: I ask myself: if I were Sunni, what would make me a Salafi?  1) humiliation 2) intrusion 3) patronizing IYI. All these soluble.
No, Emil: I bet on low proba events and actuarial evaluations miss the payoff. #SITG only solution.
That is not repentance. If Drezner were repentant, he would not be spewing geopolitical BS w/o #SITG. Kapish? @EmilArchambault @dandrezner
BS vendor Dan Drezner @dandrezner promoted Iraq war & still unrepentant. To protect society (#SITG) such pple shd
Exactly, de-takfirication. These people are religious but not necessarily Takfiris unless one messes with them.
I speak Levantine with an Achrafieh accent, unmistakably Christian (now Shiite).
Does NOT work outside of commercial cities. Even Venice/Beirut/Jerusalem had quarters by religion.
3) Hence proposed local autonomy for Islamists to be as Islamists as they want *in* their neighborhood, decentralization; they shd Amishify
Indeed the fellow who accompanied me called himself "Qur2ani".
2) My impression talking to Islamists is that feel misunderstood by IYI bureaucrats, want to be left autonomous. Brcrts,talk to them. #SITG
1) When ISIS was still occupying parts of Tripoli, spent a day (hiding my accent) there, talking to sympathizers. pic.twitter.com/sITCpMvamY
One thing about Erdogan: those who like him *love* him.  Like Brexiters, Islamists are those tired of the 100y patronizing secular IYI class
When "short" treasuries, I had MY money on the line.Daniel Drezner the sickening man called Iraq war &paid no price for the dead @dandrezner
I will block Drezner-bullshitter in a little while.
Did not predict,imbecile. You took a MORALLY disgusting interventionist position. pic.twitter.com/xaFTSBLElz
So you WERE pro Iraq war?
Drezner boy was pro-Iraq war? This is worse than ...
Was he taken away as baby from blood tax? converted ?
From where?
You good! I read Lord Kinross 24 y ago and something hit me this PM.
For the amnesiacs: in 1826 Mahmud II incited the Janissaries to revolt, to terminate them (execute & imprison them). pic.twitter.com/RSowGdkA9T
I am very impolite. Should I tell you to fuck-off in Syrian Damascene dialect or will English do?
Drezner boy: not possible to explain to bullshit vendors what is and what is not bullshit, what's rigorous &what's crap. Kapish? @dandrezner
Indeed.
Yet die when captured?
No, imbecile. It is not the same class of variables.
Mike this idiot is making another more serious mistake: conflating rain with coups.
Hi, Markus, sorry, project is dead. Silent Risk is the substitute. Thanks.
Another bullshitter.
bullshit
Which (almost) ends a month-long tweet storm for the n-summed lognormal! It works! pic.twitter.com/SkRQb94yhg
Respect! @Pete_Spence
Corrected1  Life is trial and error. @wolfram pic.twitter.com/7KraMtcHPs
Warning: there may be a problem in conversion table t2: "n" shd be inside not outside moments. @wolfram pic.twitter.com/jZYlXx4ehs
Student T is much much more civilized than the Lognormal @hbkazemi33 pic.twitter.com/UetGm5tXf7
Paper: "preasymptotics of sums of random variables in the subexponential class", first presented at @DrCirillo's conference @John1ODea
Et voila! The Lognormal is very very stubborn but the solution was simple: here it gave-in thanks to @wolfram pic.twitter.com/5lv269XEB1
Sums of "weird" r. variables that converge slowly [LogNormal] can be ONLY be treated preasymptotically as Pearson IV pic.twitter.com/W4YpdHlAR2
The weird thing about #Turkey: pro-democracy pple worldwide against coup; all Salafis pro-Isis pro-Jihad worldwide also cheering. NonKapish!
An excellent story, horrrrrrrribly written. Will take me years to finish it.
I don't write often.
Chap 1: In a dialogue with Fat Tony, he asks me: - Why did you kill me? - Just business, your FatToniness. Only bizness, nothing personal.
Only during crises. Kapish?
IYI
Fuck productivity. Watching history.
Different social group.
Barbers => Surgeons =>MD Medical Doctors => Philosophers, Economists.
Yesterday tried to work on SkinInTheGame. But Nice in the AM 28 Pages in PM Turkey in Eve. Only wrote chapter title: "Republic of Tawk".
The moral: When doing a coup in 2016 anywhere on the planet, fughedaboud local TV, occupy Twitter and Facebook headquarters in San Francisco
I thought that was why people became professors.
And I am telling you an aphorism is NOT a thesis. Kapish?
Aphorisms don't use "mainly" and qualifiers; I still did. Kapish?
This is called an aphorism. Kapish?
Surgery, music, merger valuation are precisely apprenticeships. Kapish?
Indeed! See my tweet that City of God is the first separation, after "give to Caesar...". One qualifier:Roman "religion"
Armenians, Syriacs and Copts have  different theology from the Greek(Russian Bulgarian Serbian)
We think alike. Some people are actually cheering (CNN)
Yes, @bill_easterly is the man!
No, no, no.
Copts were different from Greek Orthodox who retained Greek.
Your entire culture = all tawk, BS, words. Yemenis have been beating your ass with Kalashnikoffs.
And '16 are lower. 3 years. And look at the cash  for the "real" thing.
My impression reading the #28pages is that had the info been public, we would have heard calls to invade Saudi Barbaria instead of Iraq.
I deleted the tweet about Paris torture because the info was denied by the "Procureur General."(chief prosecutor)
You are not getting it. "Give to Ceasar" central in doctrine, particularly since Saint Augustine. Ch Took Roman law.
No, ignoramus, the functions were officially separate, except in Byzantium when a theocracy. pic.twitter.com/JmMQHHIPkD
Skin in the Game
It was fucking invented in the 7th century. They ARE actively promoting it. Kapish?
Druze, Alawis not muslim, but syncretists.
People don't know what they are talking about when they say "religion". pic.twitter.com/dLdL6FTYnr
Not muslim
Point of 2001 is the twin towers. Kapish?
Designation "Islam" is absurd; there are 3 religions. -Shia -Sunni secular, Ottoman, Sufi, urban... -Salafi/Wahabi (ISIS, Saudi Barbaria)
Why dod you write "Weak"?
What are you trying to say?
Revisiting Popper's (Goedel's) paradox: Why Salafis should be confined just for being Salafis. Delenda Saudi Arabia. pic.twitter.com/aqCmLxet5c
@alejand06640904 @lameensouag pic.twitter.com/OW0UoH5n6y
no no no no.
Thanks a million!
Max stop using logic; move to solutions.
Nadim, sense of scale: IRGC are indeed pure angels compared to ISIS.
Compare shrinking sales of Monsanto GMOs to organic. Explains the HUGE lobby effort/shilling for GMOs. pic.twitter.com/wYdLcDhezw
Some new proofs for preasymptotic behavior of exponential distribution and subexponential class. pic.twitter.com/F57u7IWH2J
They all smooth out. But compare to Monsanto.
For an idea of what's expected frm technology/"growth" biz, look at AMZN vs MON. GMOs are in decline,organic growing pic.twitter.com/5oUyERBzav
No, because no systemic effect from medical.
Good news re GMOs: I've never seen a real technology SHRINK yet survive, in spite of intense lobbying/shilling. Why Monsanto needs buyer.
Mishnah Torah was intentionally only Jewish hence in Hebrew, not Aramaic. Dalalat aimed at Muslims.
Milena the bot blocks the friends of people who troll me.
Point: except for Mishnah Torah Maimonides wrote his major work in Arabic aiming at Islamic/Abrahamic readers @yzilber @HannahHedgehog
If OBD- Y... Or explicit Abd-Allah is so common in Semitic & preIslamic cultures it has to hark back to OVD-EL @amaatouq @kaplanfat
Also Abdallah was translated into latin as Amadeus and Gr as Theophilos @amaatouq @kaplanfat
.@amaatouq @kaplanfat I read Islamic commentaries of Dalat al Ha2rin (perplexed) he was allowed to make pronouncements on Islamic law.
Cordova or Qartaba in Mount Lebanon.
@kaplanfat the father of someone was Abdallah.
One of my ancestors is is7a2 Ishaq Arabized Yitzhak very common
Abdallah was common among Iraqi Jews it is Obadiah @HannahHedgehog
Ah so what you said earlier does not hold for agri GMOs, yes/no?
Maimonides name is Ibn Abdallah.
...and that's what nature "does all the time"? Just curious abt what I am missing.
Did you notice how circular your reasoning is?
If nature "does it all the time", why do you need GMOs?
No: duty. It is not boring to save someone from drowning.
Merite le voyage... But I am coming to Oxf as I have collaborators.
Plane analogy is wrong: system is low dimensional low intrctions
The tiniest accolade from a classicist & erudite like @ArmandDAngour is worth >>> any compliment/prize/praisebyjourno etc.
Ironically, editing doesn't have this effect, but lowers diversity.
Just to let you know I block bullshit/sophistry. So delete last sophistry or I block you.
Syrians are not Arabs; Ottoman days cities were independent
This is the kind of BS that is costing lives. 65 months later, work with system. Kapish?
Extension: dabba2, "sticky fingers" prob. comes from same root DBS, with corruption of SH =>Aleph
Why the fuck don't we close this and work on solutions since we agreed on decentralization?
Syrup itself in English, like "sorbet" coming probably from "SRB" to drink (Shurba) [an iced fruit cocoction] @ArmandDAngour
In other words DBS= glue, applies to both syrup and honey @ArmandDAngour
Levantine roots du jour:  3asal=honey from Arabic 3asal,  debs=syrup from Aramaic honey & syrup. (in Heb honey=DBSH) pic.twitter.com/gNeNVxFdbA
Assuming nature probes areas outside what is believed to be a viability island, at what scale?
At what scale? In what concentration?
How GMOs are a fundamentally different process than other modifications, no track record. @normonics @yaneerbaryam pic.twitter.com/9mo914nEan
Continued: "For Ramanujan proofs were some strange European custom..." pic.twitter.com/k6PR0JE5Bk
Reduces even more from the youth effect.
2/2 Great book; Ramanujan is a "mathematical tinkerer" vs Hardy who worked from rulebook. Invites tinkering on Mathematica @stephen_wolfram
Excellent! Only read on mathematicians by insiders."Math=Youth"disappears when adjtd by life expect @stephen_wolfram pic.twitter.com/52AzjK5asR
The dialogue worked as when we switched to the solution, everyone was in agreement:decentralization @MaxAbrahms @Confusezeus @yaneerbaryam
For the record, for personal ethics, I do not comment abt @PTetlock's works, etc; I only respond to psychobullshit about my own work.
Nice convergence of ideas on decentralization! Dialogue works! @MaxAbrahms @Confusezeus @yaneerbaryam
The Cambridge Debate @MaxAbrahms @Confusezeus @yaneerbaryam pic.twitter.com/UPnQtnkZvr
NOt quite, US
just visiting
I am witnessing a bitter fight between @MaxAbrahms @Confusezeus over ISIS/IRGC on a cafe terrace in Cambridge with @yaneerbaryam laughing.
Merriwhether and his group blew up EVERY chance
I am leaving today but can watch the two of you argue over coffee this morning.
That's another problem. The central one is that tail probabilities DO NOT map to gambles.
Reading his book this morning. ALso what he reveals about Ramanujan. ON that later.
I checked the list; interesting but not one abt the point of ergodicity/tails. Gell-Mann is right. Try again.
Practitioners adjust implicitly not explicitly w/stop losses.
In 2014-15, count the "global" IRGC.
Yes, but we will convert you back to Lebanese Christian.
ISIS apologists are never explicit; they say" ISIS is bad.. but" & offer some comparison @Confusezeus @MaxAbrahms
Outside of Kelly criterion (still implicit) finance profs make ergodicity mistake. @yzilber @PTetlock @LionsWatson @pale_blue_dot__
ISIS apologists keep pouding "comparative" arguments (Crusades, IRGC, Pilgrims, Assad) --typically as here, lame.  @Confusezeus @MaxAbrahms
Show a fucking exception before writing a comment.
The point is that you cannot naively use probability for gambles @ardalby @PTetlock
Show ONE paper in social science identifying ergodicity. ONE. @PTetlock
I don't know for Allah Akbar, but "La Ilah illaIllah" is from "7ad Allaha" (God is one) in Syriac.
Will try.
Never argue with people in private (you will not convince them); argue in public to convince others.
Count the victims since 2010. 1in 1000?
Military targets in Leb.
Max's argument: whatever detractors call a "Shia threat" is 100% local. Salafis have global aims (NY, Paris...)  @MaxAbrahms @Confusezeus
Nadim is v. open to both discussions & frog legs.  2 more trips to Boston Max & I will change his position @MaxAbrahms @Confusezeus
"Bounds beat approximations".
Nadim, a Christian Lebanese & Saudi Barbaria apologist, has the Stockholm syndrome common to many Lebs in policy. @MaxAbrahms @Confusezeus
So far Nadim has not been able to bring any logical or empirical argument against Max. I am just eating frog legs. @MaxAbrahms @Confusezeus
With @MaxAbrahms in  a heated debate with Nadim Shehadi @Confusezeus who sides with Saudi Barbaria. (Frog legs) pic.twitter.com/5mJLrTOS0P
With @MaxAbrahms in  a heated debate with Nadim Shehadi @Confusezeus who sides with Saudi Barbaria. (Frog legs) pic.twitter.com/woFBtaorE1
even Donaldo?
Finally, instead of driving to Boston, forgot about time, and proved the Lognormal convergence theorems! pic.twitter.com/rcGlVOpPZ1
Hillary is hated by household staff/secret service, etc.
Semiticology dujour: Semitic lang,unlike most Indo-Euro, have "day" (YWM) for 24 h &different "day" for the diurnal. pic.twitter.com/n8Mrdm9Vpc
A "nice person" is someone principally nice to those he/she doesn't need to be nice to. #DailyEthics #Shillary
At the core, with EU, people conflated  1) coordination of common (local) interests  with  2) subjugation to a central authority
Mustawradin min el siriene
Try Cavalli-Sforza. Excellent
Read it 15 years ago. Written by an FT journo, very poor understanding of info theory.
Have you counted Arabic words in Turkish, Farsi, or Urdu?
Bi- In (Aramaic/Syriac); La -General semitic (no) so Bila without Sh frm Arabic Shay2. So Ballash = without anything.
The whole point is that it is not fucking colloquial "Arabic".
"Sakker shebbak w'ttala3 la barra" Levantine &~Aramaic. "Iqful el nafizah wa inthur ilal 5arij" Arabic. Rquires a mental defect to not see.
Initially from ignorance, then became political in 1860s, then brainwashed to not see.
The plot thickens. As***le. [2 words] "Bu5sh Tizo" Levantine "Bu5sh Tizo" Aramaic "Thaqb Iliatihi" Arabic pic.twitter.com/JJ2ZJzEhhe
"Zammar 3a l'kou3" Levantine "Zammar 3a l'kou3" Aramaic "Inshud 3al mun3atif" Arabic One has to be blind to not see pic.twitter.com/d8HiWiQwmN
The idea that they are "Arabs" is a myth.
Public sector work should not be an investment strategy. @AustinGreen pic.twitter.com/fVqdqYp3Xv
It reeks of something all across. Read the paper [ASSUMING YOU TRUST RESULTS], read my p-value paper, let's talk. @ryanbriggs
The problem of Golden rice is side effects on system. Never take risks you don't understand if you can do as well w/those you do. @raphaels7
1) Many dist do not have a density function, just CHF (Levy-Stable). 2) Allows to understand SUMS very easily, 3) Moments
Adding tutorials to lectures: Probability & Integral Transforms. Sense the shape of the distribution from its dual. pic.twitter.com/cqaLizQKwT
In the survey, S. G. are his initials.
62 out of 63 finance/econ academics who traded engaged in tail selling strategies (a la LTCM )>> practitioners. @pale_blue_dot__ @PTetlock
Yes, wisdom in decision/reasoning about rationality/realism, not ex post "predictability". Kapish?
Expert: knows stuff NonExpert: me on Turkish grammar InverseExpert: Do oppositel; Brusselcrats, Sunstein,Stiglitz,Thaler,Merton,Scholes,etc.
I could not control the cover. Publisher does.
عيد فطر مبارك. ينعاد عليكم بدوام الصحة و العافية.
Because you and they KNOW Arabic.
Explain, fucking idiot, how Levantine & Arabic are mutually comprehensible to someone only fluent in 1.
Cretin.
Another explanation of Scale Dependent Properties: Some may believe *armies create wars* but nobody sane believes *police create robberies*.
"Scientism of the idiot" (GMO #neiltyson): belief that one should replace a natural hand with an artificial one to satisfy "sc. progress"
Just ordered!
Mixed
Of these 87% were Shias.
Pinker's book relies on a lot of words that hide absence of a CENTRAL detail. @DrCirillo @JonathanWaxman1 pic.twitter.com/lOLqybUVjA
Problem with Pinker boy is that he made statistical claims without knowing what he is talking about. @JonathanWaxman1
I agree fully with that approach. But to be rigorous should test that scientific progress did decrease violence. It didn't
What are the odds that someone expressing distress at the "choice" w/ the two presidential candidates (who will vote) would vote Trump?
Actually, if you want to listen to data, it says that violence underestimated as max likel. estimator gives > nmbers.
Economics/philosopy prof does not count as "proper job". Actually, reverse. Kapish? @miamoisio @JonathanWaxman1 @_Foolosophy_ @Nigel_Farage
You can't easily extract statistical information from fat tailed data.
Derman, you know my aphorism "always apologize except when you did something wrong".
sorry mistook you for someone else who was  trolling. I apologize.
Sorry I didn't understand.
OK, the question is "most of you".
When I saw @Nigel_Farage telling the empty suits in Brussels "none of you had a proper job", I knew he had been a trader. Turned out he was.
me neither.
Similarly: Nobody should ever hold office unless he/she had a "proper job" (outside politics/tawking) for at least 10 years and 3 months.
Data shows all the way to the 90s. I thought you read Antifragile.
Depends on which wine.
With funding cuts as w/fall of Soviet Union, academics are laid off. What will an academic economist be used for?
It is not if you bothered to read it.
Q: How many of the IYI who think Brexit is "irrational"  + Thought Iraq was a good idea  + Think GMOs are safe, "science" not scientism
No, no, no, no.
So you think you understand enough of the workings of the world to pronounce pro-Brexit as "stupid"? I hold the exact opposite. @ianbremmer
Ex post claims that it was applied. No evidence.
Vickrey has been used. Roth I think also for kidneys.
Non, il semble pousser une préférence tres marquée. J'ai lu ses 2 livres sur l'intellectuel médieval,meme attitude
The text is MY selection from his book.
Son grand theme est le déclin de l'universitaire médiéval au profit de l'intellectuel humaniste.   @OHSAISONS @AlexDroite
The background is about research during the Renaissance, scholars vs teachers.
Not so much. Disguized GrecoRoman paganism.
For researchers, a day job should be mandatory: Patent clerc Lensmaker Rentier Country priest Postman Mafia operative Trader @AlexDroite
In Academia, abt everyone, individually,knows 99% of research are substance-free ritualistic BS but,collectively,behaves as if it weren't so
Le Goff despised academia; praised research by nonteachers. @AlexDroite pic.twitter.com/aQm9rMlcxD
Game theory is useful for practically nothing. Not sure was applied in the Cold War. Academ teach Academ teach acad
Because anyone w/ a computer, keyboard & coffee can "verify". So we know it's  true. But not proved.
Saif, I blocked that idiot.
I worked 21y full-time in a highly stressful job, researched, studied & wrote 3 books at night. I have NO sympathy for entitlement-academia.
Brilliant, citable: "a set of fixed rituals around grant proposals" Saifedean Ammous   @saifedean
There are alternatives to academia. Fucking imbecile.
Adjunct, no pubs for 25 years.
If you have to be told how to do research, don't do research. @BeOpsguy
and remember a recent result in number theory came from a manager of a Subway store.
But you know if someone is a good mathematician even if he has no pubs. Peer-review works well.
Not quite true; he was faulted for being "amateur". I also found the ratio of academics to amateurs was same as 19th C.
The master paper. pic.twitter.com/DfYxfcacss
No, Borel. He was later Minister of the French Navy
And Descartes refused to be academics because it is distracting.
Remember Fermat was 100% amateur. He was a lawyer.
The results that came from industry yet misappropriated by academic PR machine "lecturing birds how to fly". pic.twitter.com/DiDe3FaSig
Because outside of gigantic results little counts... And in social science nothing counts outside the pseudo-"quality" journ
The main result of Borel was published in obscure "Palermo math circle" "Rendiconti del Circolo Matematico di Palermo" @neilchriss
Almost. Because math is clear; now the only subject left that doesn't fully depend on "quality journals" and output quantity.
I am not academic, only 25% of a position, never more.
Max, forgot you are in Boston. Will be there Sunday-Mon we can straighten Nadim back into realism.
I know a few people who published several hundred papers without saying anything. Academia shd focus on education; decommoditize research.
You "need" academia to do research about as much as you "need" a tractor to tour New York City. pic.twitter.com/1c5plbZhcO
Same with lognormals. See Gibrat. Multiplicative processes give rise to either, depending.
They are often confused with power laws and pple make a big deal. At high sigma no practical diff.
All going into SILENT RISK.
The only reason we don't see the difficulties of the Lognormal is because finance pple work w/daily sig=.005-.01; things blow up at sig >1.
Block the fellow. I did.
Joining Academia to do research is like joining the mafia to learn Italian.
It IS ad hominem: Nobelled supporting GMOs w/sole backup their "credibility", not derivations. Hence EXPERTISE is fair game @ademarcisnegro
Barbell
Lognormal is hardest of distributions in preasymtotics: sums behave erratically; no MGF/CHF. Back to stand up desk. pic.twitter.com/qByDXtg2xk
We (re)invented iconoclasm; Arabs ironically protected the iconodules (like Damakenos)!
What is Breitbart?
QUESTION 1:What are the animals that don't appear to age & what is their life expectancy? QUESTION 2:Are there human organs that don't age?
Generations get much much longer. SLows down.
Ask @lameensouag whether North African dialects have Punic or all Arabic, etc.I know Syriac but not familiar with Punic.
ANSWER: Life expect. wld be, at 0,50,100, 1000 ~1/p ( p is fatal accident rate). (But human race wd go extinct, as no evol. if env. changes)
It is. I have a dictionary Venetian-Italian and it shows serious difference.
Political philosophy. No scientism
I am confused whether it is all Arabic, or if North African is like Levantine an older Semitic (in NA, more Punic).
Capicoli pronounced "Gabagool" @pwalnuts1156 @CGasparino @EmanuelDerman @mndl_nyc
Gabish.
No, for there are not many and I never engage them. Just block.
Fucking idiot, "criticism" is something specific (e.g. "Theorem x  is wrong") or backed-up not drunken BS spouted in a bar.  @PieterDuboisFI
2/2 Sicilian is so different from Tuscan that for a long time Cavour thought that Sicilians were still speaking Arabic.  @EmanuelDerman
1/2 Not "Italian": Sicilian & Calabrese ("Kalabez"), don't pronounce the last vowel a la Tuscan. Also "Gabish". @EmanuelDerman @mndl_nyc
I am in favor of letting debt become equity. More complicated.
People think in sub-log scale. For the crowds, 350 billion and 350 millions aren't too different. @diomavro @vaLondon @kateantiquity
I am against QE/monetary policy as a means to "soothe" the system. Nothing to do with austerity.
You are not Kapishing the problem. There are disagreements, & there is trolling. Latter is unconditional to content. @mndl_nyc
You need to shut down EU (made in linear 50s-70s) & rebuild a la CHF in accordance w/logic of complex systems. @kateantiquity @James_Raynard
Methodology with twitter: Typical troll by BS-vendors (doesn't show *where* wrong). Block him and ALL his followers. pic.twitter.com/5qG0cKgECR
Don't look for proximate cause: You can't have 1)voting rights, 2)social media, and 3)patronizing elite at  once @kateantiquity
We don't know if toxic; appears that no serious risk study has been carried out. Need labeling for that.
The Great John Gray on Brexit: pic.twitter.com/M1vTHrxYxT
Right. They violated the initial aim which is subsidiarity. You need to rebuild a new subsidiarity based system.
Is that 495? 10x 45 + bar? The bar is not made for such a weight.
Nothing to do with physique. Deadlifting is a state of being. Kapish?
Googling it.
Excellent. So what Life expectancy would we get from that? [the rate is a bit higher, use 1-2/1000 to account for natural cat]
QUIZ du jour: If humans didn't age, how long would they live? What would their life expectancy be at 100 compared to that at 50?
In SILENT RISK:Anyone who utters expr. "Knightian Risk" or distinguishes betw "risk" & "uncertainty" is incompetent: pic.twitter.com/9OYfeaBis2
Is shd be spelled "ting".
Changing SILENT RISK from 1 column book size to 2 columns 8 1/2 by 1. pic.twitter.com/wvKQnw9L5F
Wittgenstein. He is the one  who understood why religious beliefs should not be analyzed. @hamandcheese @ChrisSpoke @Chris_arnade
Meaning one account or many spinoffs?
Even more weirdness on the part of the Lognormal pic.twitter.com/Tv1qXTQgoi
Come on, how on earth can you mention Hillel and an economist in the same breath?
Single account is easiest...But some people are annoyed by heavy math, others love it. Everyone loves beating on @JustinWolfers @mjd1735
Another way to check the weird fat-tailedness of the Lognormal. pic.twitter.com/ZaGsczMyq8
No, only Doctor was Ma7fuz in 1900
You should separate the holy from the profane. I systematically block BS vendors like Delong, so don't mix the two.
Emanuel, I thought you were too sophisticated to read an economist, Delong no less, for general ideas.
Twitter activities: + Busting BS vendors + Fighting evil firms (eg Monsanto) + Philology + Math/prob + Squid ink
NYU human resources, dean, secretary, everyone was swamped with emails. @mjd1735 @carolhoernlein @AndreaSaltelli @philipbstark
Same Monsanto's PR firm as the 107 Nobels send>1500 emails to NYU pathologizing my GMO stance @carolhoernlein @AndreaSaltelli @philipbstark
Squid ink with wine from Puglia, the crypto-Byzantine region of Italy. @joe54st pic.twitter.com/LcgMsyv2do
Imbecile.
Thing I learned today: Lognormal with high sigma (>=4) behaves in convergence ~ like Cauchy, slow for v. large sums. pic.twitter.com/jaWM1gnrgZ
I was kidding... what people call 3arabi is not quite Arabic; related but not mutually comprehensible.
It is not from Arabic. What you call 3arabia is Levantine, Semitic layers w/some nonSemitic words. Are you an Arab Nationalist?
Bass is Persian, used in Hindi. But don't know Sancrit & am behind in Urdu.
Zaki is also Aramaic ("Bass"  interesting bec. from Persian=>Hindi) All Expression Zaki Bass 7mar Aramaic. @Jaguita pic.twitter.com/eVPwQDHsAi
Interesting root pic.twitter.com/NRObEW5bvm
1)Some Aramaic. 2)It is not me but a modern Hebrew expression (Quran meant in sense of letter not spirit) pic.twitter.com/T4IBzeMQx0
Kill shi 2abl el bass ma bi3edd
IYI (Intellectual yet Idiot) from Levantine "Zaki bass 7mar" ("bass" is Aramaic from Md. Pers.);corresponds to Mod. Hebrew חמור נושא ספרים
Hi Kelly.  way to have squid ink: you need the real ink on top of the pasta.
Ana mene honik elyom. Sallem 3alday3a.
That too. All externalities/side effects stack up against.
What type? What level?
What is your specialty? Math?
What dese?
Depends on deadlifts. Good indicator of aging strength.
Yes.
Yes. I started at 50.
Depends when they start.
It was high time.
.01% if you count age, no?
It is concave to body weight, but anything above 390/400 lbs is respectable.
Try again...
It was not Elinor Ostrom who said "give us our fishing waters back";it was Nigel Farrage.  Time for bureaucrats to learn complexity/localism
France.
Good. But there is something inherent here about probability.
You bet.
I will never discuss a friend in public no matter the situation. Only in private. Even with ex- friends @philipbstark
Excellent! Now what can you extract from that?
, no, in Amioun but I am emotionally in Damascus.
Scholes learned to stay underground and quiet. Merton didn't
Find the inconsistency, or how "average" probability isn't a robust construct.  [Quiz abt empty suit @JustinWolfers] pic.twitter.com/dd2dYsJu4Y
I live in Damascus.
Trump is a salesman. He would do whatever would sell. And in real-life he is not a tough negociator.
Waiting for UK to join a US trade zone. Easier, same mentality/system.
Name a SINGLE error, fucking idiot, if you can.
Yes when what you got to lose = what you got to gain
Works for anything that has floor and ceiling.
Indeed: variance helps them! @Chris_arnade
Just the properties of weightings with f convex. Since Sum[a_i]=1 and f[Sum a_i x]=f[x] smaller than Sum[a_ f[x]]
f(sigma a x) =f(x)
Because weights 0<a_i<1 (from memory)
Indeed thanks!
Thanks. I never use linkedin
Alternative Test: what's is the probability that @JustinWolfers a representayive member of the IYI class deadlifts?
Turned out Pinker's words & references do not match. Asking him for backup, not words. 800 page thesis ... no backup pic.twitter.com/kKRb0U6fwk
He is not even one. No research...
Toufic Fahd La divination arabe in Fr. The absolute best.
"If a tractor used on a farm has a windshield, its wipers must have a speed of 25 cycles per minute."  Brussels... pic.twitter.com/a8Ywc63eka
It takes 16 times longer to incorporate and run a bizness in Milan than Londra @Twitpiero
From my experience, London is attractive for banks as it has labor laws similar to US/pool of talent. Paris and Frankfurt tried & failed.
380lbs!
Respect!
pullups!
Economist @JustinWolfers strikes me as the type w/no math, no erudition & no skin-in-the game. Does he deadlift?
Try the ERM move of 1991-1992
Impressive. What dat?
GBP/USD 1year deviation is within significance band: nothing reflects such "gravity" of an event. Kapish? @AdroitInvestor @econbuttonwood
Yes the point is no generalized panic, no significant effect.
UK stocks up from #Brexit vote. Ignore any word written by a journo except for street crime reporters. pic.twitter.com/GO55oGidAM
The head!
From reading his work, Mr Wolfers has *some* challenges with probability theory. More, later. @jimmyybill @JustinWolfers
We are writing a book, @DrCirillo and I.
Imbecile, both axes are named.
No, the Pound move was not a Black Swan, & not a statistical outlier. pic.twitter.com/7mwey4GGRi
Do you know that my Lebanese ID card says "Roum" meaning Byzantine/Roman citizen in Ar? W'ee the only Romans left/leftover.
@EmperorFry I recall reading in Proust abt a "Paleologue" descendnt... Have been wondering for years. Is there such a thing?
what is msm?
Where dat?
ask a deadlifter like @MDiPaolaMD
European Union, definition: Something designed by someone who doesn't understand complex systems.
Both sides think they can win. That's the problem.
Hayda 7all mafina nitla3 minno.
Balkanization refers to a failed REGION. Helvetization to another successfule REGION.THINK before writing to avoid BS
In ISIS territory for them to be beheaded?
It is imbecilic to try to change people after all these bloodshed. Normative imbecilic.
Intervening to give the place to AlQaeda?
You mean decreasing (fat tails =>lower exponent).
Which conflicts with the logical positivism of his Language Truth and Logic...
I have to *write* the paper! @MAvellaneda55
Grandmaster Marco Avellaneda @MAvellaneda55 is giving a flash talk in 15 min. He was last seen in Mexico.
I have it!
Will be there.
You should go live in Lybia when making comments like these. I live 20 m from Syria & don't need Black-Swan blind neocons BS @Kasparov63
Even more bullshit. In real life, as in chess, a move has consequence and you study consequences before moving. Kapish? @Kasparov63
You are spouting neocon Bullshit, theorizing from afar. I was not happy with Gadafi/Saddam, but I am less happy with AlQaeda @Kasparov63
Respect!
How many here?
A GOLDEN RULE in ETHICS Take a moment to figure out whether you'd rather be praiseworthy but not praised, or praised but not praiseworthy.
[Yes, it is Levantine and it is not Arabic. We never spoke Arabic and never will].
You good, you. But your accent is less Lebanese as it is in person.
When people vote the way of the IYI elite, it is "democracy". Otherwise it is misguided, irrational, swayed by populism & lack of education.
video needed!
Exactly: mistakes verisimilitude for replication.
Respect!
You mean lift 551 lbs?
BTW perfect score in which direction? Do you have red wine with fish?
Peter and I will take you to his London club. It is addictive.
You bet.
The IYI class: Intellectual-Yet-Idiot Doesn't deadlift & is scared that #Brexit started a revolution by the unwashed pic.twitter.com/26YykU2kx0
You only need an outline for the first 90 minutes. Then it flows. Start with Functional Analysis.
4 y ago, I resolved to do math >90m/day. I stuck to it, diligently, except for Jun 24, 2016 w/news of stage 1 of anti-IYI revolution #Brexit
Permesso?
Visibly Mr Grey you have a defect in logic. They are also against crime and arson. Is it a thing unique to them?
@vanessahistory will order asap!
Stefano, I begged you to trade smaller than you think you need to. And never decide AFTER if you should reduce.
"could"also be backwards. Fugherabout "could" and "would".
No, if you are 100 your life expectancy is more than it was at 90. Kapish? The difference is always >epsilon + Dyears
Watch out! Graham Greene's writing degraded when he moved there. You need to get out quickly.
Actually, no... Too many boats. Capri.
you mean "potential" changes in LE?
Amalfi Coast... San Pietro?
In Antifragile: problem of some IYT intellectual-yet-imbecile in Brussels trying to make measures"rational" #Brexit pic.twitter.com/UUKnslcl6T
Founding fathers of Europe didn't have in mind someone dictating Europe-wide speed of windshield wipers!
I heard exponential LE may apply to crocodiles and turtles! They only die of accidents!
2/2 at endpoint x_F it becomes equality. I think only .001% statisticians on the planet know of enpoints!
But E[X-K|X>K] declines with K except for subexponential class. Constant with K for exponential class.
It is wrong, but assuming it is right (89 at 65+), it is NECESSARILY nonlinear to Median age so >16
I am your student.
No, fucking idiot, says "number of years they have to live with the decision". Think bef tweeting.
Math: E[X|X>K2] >=E[X|X>K1] for all K2>K1   @MAvellaneda55
Under ANY unimodal distribution, life expectancy increases BY MORE than 1 year for every surviving year. @MAvellaneda55 @EloyGamaS
If uncond. life expectancy is 80 & you are already 80, your life expectancy is ~+9 y. If you are 100, it is ~+2y @MAvellaneda55 @EloyGamaS
Life expectancy (remaining years to live) increases with age. @EloyGamaS @MAvellaneda55
2/2 simply if your life expectancy is 89 and you are 95, they thing you have -7 years to go! YouGov is ridiculously incompetent.
They got life expectancy wrong.
Turkish likes foreign words, unlike Greek and Arabic. (Like Aramaic and modern Hebrew)
Antikirilganlik! Güzel bir sürpriz Türkçe bulmak için. Ve güzel bir yol Türkçe kelimeleri öğrenmek için. pic.twitter.com/YbU64GYXN3
Get rid of Hillary Monsanto-Malmaison
Bullshit
Substitute "intellectuals" for doctors. If they have authority they need to be more reliable than taxi drivers. Kapish?
no, imbecile, it means unreliable. Would you go to an error prone doctor?
People listen to "intellectual class" abt Brexit but for 70 y they've been wrong on anything: Stalinism, Maoism, Freudianism,Urban planning
depends if "educated" (hence Arabic) or mountain people.
why don't you fuckoff and go follow some academic instead?
Lebanon is in the Levant not Middle EAst. Levantine is a language standalone not a dialect of Arabic.
It is the same thing. If there is a polling bias, a statistician MUST include a correction for it.
At the lunch table #riskmathics in Mexico City,  4/9 persons were of Lebanese origin.
So the GBP is about were it was in February. Too many people talk about markets ... pic.twitter.com/8OS505NhA3
Today, the United States have acquired 4 new shadow states: England, London (sic), Wales, and possibly Scotland.
Yes, it does not apply here (only rhetorical similarity) but I could not resist teasing a Byzantine and a Byzantinist.
Brookings needs to be... diminished, purged, and debullshitvendorified @MaxAbrahms
Whatever legal disclaimer: I own gold in some forms.
Reminds me of what the Patriarch said about the Roman: "Freer under the turban..."
Gold! In any form.
Brexit results after a lot of Mexican wine. pic.twitter.com/l4GA2UsWYv
A beach in Mexico city? It takes half a day to get to the other side of town.
BTW I am long some GBP so I can talk about markets tonite to satistfy #Skininthegame @will_moriarty
I am in MExico at RiskMathics conference
In Mexico,debate w/Rob Engel & Ed Altman on Brexit effects.There no scheduled volatility, Prices SCORN ideas/clichés pic.twitter.com/NnW7YRWYcK
Hi, you add up experts across fields, then they care.  PS-  Boeing deal is big as Iran will use Boeing to lobby for them ag KSA
Oh! You drink water that travels.
You are not getting expert pbm.  Grandmother's jdgmnt doesn't mean she is a Dr, only how to trust a doctor and for what gravity. @trombosit
Bjorn Lomborg is by any metric a charlatan. The fact that bureaucrats don't like him doesn't make him scientific. @NickdeCusa
Trig tangent not geometric tangent.
@MichaelSagnerMD Michael you are retweeting BS by paid shill Henry Miller a total fraud who worked for all wrong causes!
Yes! If th ~ Uniform[0,Pi], Tan[th]~ Cauchy & if radius from center random, still Cauchy as Sum of Cauchy = Cauchy @asknbid @MAvellaneda55
Close, assume angle is uniform.
no, try easier.
But unhedgeable: no state variable.
Quiz given by @MAvellaneda55. A drunk person throws balls randomly in all directions. What is the proba distrib of the distance betw balls?
3) Egypt then superpower uses as dipl lang a Semitic tongue.
1) Not saying Akkadian is Aramaic (came w/Achemenids) but predecessor in Egypt. 2) Akkadian lingua franca before Aramaic
Older Semitic
2/2 In other words Egyptian scribes had been using Semitic languages, incl Aramaic as lingua franca for 2000 years before the Arab invasion.
Aramaic du jour: Egyptian use of Semitic lang. predates the Achaemenid inv, The Amarna letters were in Akkadian.( Aramaic in Egypt dialect.)
He was Iberian
@holland_tom   Good to run into you in Oslo airport. pic.twitter.com/kQj6zdQdQr
I can't see any backing to the idea:       Brexit => Economy will tank It's by the same economists who wouldn't find sand in Saudi Arabia.
Can you use alphabet? Bowheer or Bow7eer?
The sauce is not squid ink.
Hi, don't know enough but better have problems early on than later...
I heard low correlation between foraminal narrowing and symptoms
A general question. Is is true that tears in rotator cuff "never" fully self repair? Lit is not clear on that; @cdipaola62 @DataScienceDork
nonkapish. What do you mean by sharing?
Note that Islam adopted the praying methods of early Byzantines: standup and recline
Then show it to a statistician who knows something about Bonferroni adjustments, multiple testing, etc.
Could be p-hacking style mining, but some are legit. It all depends. Any link to paper?
Your Q is vague: cov structure is standard basic association between variables when many variables present.
No, I do not lecture in Saudi Arabia, & those lecturing there are academics-for-purchase. pic.twitter.com/7IV46YGVFx
I believe in gnosticism embedded in all minorities but Sunnis. They do not reveal all religion (Alevis, etc.) to members.
Shia have taken the Byzantine structure, iconography, and theology. Sunnis the more Semitic ones.
Certainly started that way, except that Sunna respect some fixed ancestral belief, unalterable; nobody has author to change.
Read the NYTimes after long time (jetlag): can detect that newsmedia are afraid of their readers. When I write I don't care abt readers.
And look at Shia vs Sunni.
Yes azan comes from Byzantine mass
For us the true problem was Hellenized (urban upper class) vs Syriac (countryside), rather than just Orthodox vs Monothelite
Back country pic.twitter.com/BwMLUM3Nxc
Byzantine mass in a small church in my ancestral village: Greco-Arabic @byzantinepower pic.twitter.com/BYRNQ0lqQz
Not EVEN.
@alxpr1c3 pic.twitter.com/6wQ4aCEg98
No this is a Nobel Symposium, happens every 2 years, a retreat with Nobel Peace Committee Members.
The Nobel Symposium: 3 full days. We stopped discussing Pinker's thesis as dismissed after 1st session. pic.twitter.com/03m9mUyNQq
No, but very very interesting
Aramaic root for Levantine du jour: Shl7 شلح  comes from SHLH: undress, now fleece (-> Tshli7, Shla7 tyebak...) pic.twitter.com/zsICwu92WQ
Trying to explain the Mediterranean temperament to Slavs: Meds know how to have fun without necessarily getting drunk.
In their private lives, some people seek union, others seek frequent intersection.
Hi I can meet after 3:15 here at Solstrand as session ends ~ 3PM and there is the break
Hi, let me check the break... But there is a visit to the Oselveren ship builder I can meet there.
2/I haven't had a break to use the pool & sauna! You Nordics work too hard. Are you near Os?
Hi, I am a prisoner of your august Nobel foundation, in closed-doors near Os with hardly a break (want to swim)! Leaving Sunday AM
.@PeterCorless @EHSANI22 We have evidence that many of these civilians were killed by Islamists, pictures financed by Saudi PR firms.
zonari
History is periods of peace punctuated by war rather than periods of war puctuated by peace. (Bergen Symposium)
Less than further North, but indeed a bit eery.
Western Norway: mountainous, craggy, pristine, like Switzerland without the Swiss. Presenting paper on violence. pic.twitter.com/qMJiLB8AVN
Trump doesn't put his name on steaks for the money, rather for the ego. @AdamB1438 @John_Hempton @realmarkcuban
Area for the exception. Thrilling to visualize inequalities in higher dimensions. @alxpr1c3 @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/gCgvAVZ0mk
@alxpr1c3 Visual inspection and proof by minimization of difference. pic.twitter.com/DEJiodTZuu
Not by Borges...
How many years of consecutive "peace" in a random Poisson process? Methodology. @DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/jxY77d4ost
Most humans either harm or are harmed by words. The rest is a small minority.
In a Saudi Barbarian air lounge (no food as they would poison me): C prince to discuss killing minorities in Syria. pic.twitter.com/f39LmMAJ6Z
Sorry forgot, 7 times
6 times
People who get married many times do so because they like the transaction more than the state (& don't understand their own preferences).
If true, the biggest gift for The Donaldo you can imagine.
I realize that people who get married often do so because they like the transaction more than the state.
Not "Middle East", Near East.
Other words like zbl (garbage) also in Greek σκύβαλα
Some Syriac words like "zinnar" also exist in Greek, ζώνη, unclear which way influence went.
When we look at the letter "zayin" it is even more striking how much more Aramaic our language is. pic.twitter.com/O65Js0fGEi
Egypt knew Aramaic 1100 years before Arabic, from Persian invasion.
More evidence that Levantine has Aramaic roots: 2500 words in our vocabulary. pic.twitter.com/yaIIiFAetb
No, let me check Syriac
Randomness does not look random: how to not be fooled by historical "trends" @DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/KZgsN7wKkU
The central information abt people: what is the worse thing they've done in their lives. #RWRI Extreme Value Theory
Ask for a scholarship.
Dopo @sothisispietro @ashokatluri No more squid ink! pic.twitter.com/P79HxgBP1C
Squid ink with @sothisispietro and @ashokatluri recovering from week long seminar. pic.twitter.com/yyT7sNcJJL
Use RegionPlot and RegionPlot3D
No, because a is already 1-b-c so c shd not be 1-b except corners.
The second argument is actually because of the concavity of the function.
Tighten the band to 7<= f <= Sqrt(51)?  @CutTheKnotMath pic.twitter.com/FOvqHtf3eq
Trying to translate Procrustes into Levantine pic.twitter.com/ZmOesEz9IL
Some were 5!
Will ask. Look at the quadrants. Nothing North like you have South-East
Adjusted for selection bias etc.
Day 4 RWRI. Raphael showing funds that blew up in the 2008 crisis had the highest Sharpe ratio. Most brilliant! pic.twitter.com/xJQJ72XRNY
Colquhoun is promoting GMO-funded smear campaign. Not smart for a scientist.
colquhoun is semi-competent in statistics but acted as a total fraud with Tim Hunt.
Almost!
RWRI Day 3 Robert Frey @financequant explaining cellular automata with high praise for @stephen_wolfram pic.twitter.com/jNALz5hwWD
RWRI day 3 Aaron classifying tail models and time dependence. pic.twitter.com/BRbSRl9g8I
Even outside fatness of tails!
How Pinker treats data. pic.twitter.com/cRcL8xy0fw
Is he Shiite?
Juvenal: "rara avis in terris nigroque simillima cygno"
Non, Terence pour la metaphore, Sextus pour l'idee.
right; it was exploring
Can write up later
if a=1, neither b nor c can be =3 for J<=0, hence J>0 if c>=a+2. Since invariant to m holds for all integers >0
My new favorite hobby: explore around things and get visual intuition. pic.twitter.com/yY5Rj79qAL
We all have the same rights, sinners and saints. Torts take care of pbs
Intellectuals & talking-class (journos) are posing as representatives of the public. But they represent what the public doesn't want to be.
Any link? Thanks
Imbecile.
RIP Mohammed Ali. A great man, not because of boxing, but because he walked the walk when he talked the talk. Respect.
The fellow is very ignorant. I blocked him.
We stick to the data
Thanks Harry! I owe you big for the medical math!
very.
Then vote! Thx
Then vote! Thx
There is a notion of proportionality. If you treat the mildly nonvirtuous harshly, what happens...
The point is to test people's understanding of Freedom of Expression. @StingMccoy
Does the First Amendment (freedom of speech) cover Gawker posting spy camera sexual scenes of you against your will?
Which book?
Two pages setting Quantitative historiography applied to Violence presented to the Nobel Foundation @DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/8Id0xuVCGq
Standing for justice is inconsistent with ... Stoicism? Fucking idiot.
Deficiency in logic: Complain that Peter Thiel is bullying legal systm as he is richer than Gawker. But Gawker is richer than its victims!
Indeed,  Atheism is a sect of Protestantism.  (For one to be an atheist, religious "belief" has to be epistemic.) @holland_tom
And atheism is a sect of Abrahamic Western Monotheism.
Removed some typos @DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/cVX898hKB4
Finishing paper for the Nobel Foundation debunking Pinker' theory of drop in violence, w/@DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/0oLFcWQW4t
The a priori has to be a higher tautology somewhere, like the functional is the dual of the probabilistic
DOne! Jensen's inequality is the point. And it is made there.
On it!
Typical journos combine low IQ, low practical sense, low erudition, buzzword driven grasp,& a high sense of entitlement. An explosive combo!
The best way is to have interlinear text w/Arabic. Aramaic is closer to what we speak.
sublation
Intuitive presentation of Girsanov's Theorem in Dynamic Hedging @DrCirillo pic.twitter.com/j46O2H7Wcv
Sophistry.Imbecilic sophistry.
Yes!
Greek; Greek of Syria.
Finally found the Peshitta in bilingual Syriac-Arabic much easier to read : " Breshit bro Aloho". pic.twitter.com/GMoLvQuH9b
Gawker or why Journos cannot escape having Skin in the Game. pic.twitter.com/GrZZ6ZiW7t
Desert port, for trade caravans.
i am assuming flat iatrogenics to condition
If 1 knows Arabic & Sharia &argue FROM it they hide/can't say Islamophobe. 6 ancestors were Jurists @pootsie121165 @Noahpinion @holland_tom
Forgot to add your name to ackn.
Indeed it is sigmoid, I was concentrating on early phase!
Yes meaning even more recent!
Actually they are sophisticated reactions misunderstood by unsophist academics.
Mr Ansar @moAnsar is being humiliated since he violates Islamic Jurisprudence, worse than debunking by @holland_tom .
هيدا ممكن لئنوا ما بلشوا الجوامع إلا بعدان... pic.twitter.com/jtfBybbu2p
(desert port)
Just as Alexandria was a Greek port while rest was Egyptian, Damascus was an Arab port even during Omayad while  rest was Byzantine-Aramaic.
Mr Ansar, false accusations (such as ag @holland_tom) are criminal under Islamic law. You are not a lawyer. @MoAnsar pic.twitter.com/rymiJB2rv4
Questo è completa bullshit
La scienza cresce mostrando ciò che è sbagliato, non dichiarando ciò che è giusto [scienza Popperiana] @ThManfredi @dottorpax
Shu sar?
Mr Ansar, lying is mu7arram by Sharia. So why are you lying about Mr Holland?  @holland_tom @MoAnsar pic.twitter.com/VgSKVeDqjL
Mr Ansar, I doubt you know Arabic (given your reputation as a charlatan). Just in case حبل الكذب قصير @holland_tom @MoAnsar
2) Mr Hanretty your formation as a charlatan consists in bullshitting abt things you are clueless about. I am a scientist. @chrishanretty
1) Mr Hanretty, are you suggesting that one should bullshit like astrologers abt opaque things in order to bust astrologers? @chrishanretty
Mr Ansar, why are you disseminating lies about Tom Holland to your followers?Does your status allow special exemption? @holland_tom @MoAnsar
No, it was just a New Yowk Booklyn accent.
@llewelyn_morgan Mr Ansar appears to be a deluded lunatic. Ignore him, Tom.
Greeks were in Alexandria in antiquity, then 19th C. Little in between.
@drmic Alas, very little. Greek Orthodox never mixed before 1960s.
Much much less in Egypt. Greeks did not mix except with Syrians there.
In N. Lebann Sunnis more likely to dscnd frm Crusaders.Maurice Barres got backward
Same with ~30-40% of Syrians.
Congratulating my cousin Rene Shammas for his election as a member of the municipality of Amioun pic.twitter.com/YBf4ozWKed
Roubini,  1in 600 if he is on that list?
Problem moved away from Gawker (bus now risky): journos' *sense of entitlement* to harm citizens, promotion of fallacies abt 1st amendment.
Yago made imbecilic confusion of expression & voyeurism. Imbecilic
Ben, societies have been shown to have had over history a clear idea of what is moral or not. @bhorowitz @kaimac @lkoturner @MichialFarmer
Theil help make the voyeuristic business model very costly. It's the "mahket" for risk. @John_Hempton @amoselberg @Gawker
Fucking moron, Gawker has ruined the lives of college students! @gammatrader09
If Gawker wins higher court appeal then NECESSARILY anyone can post your PRIVATE activity videos ag. your will. It is Citizens vs "Journos".
What will kill Gawker & #pseudo1stamendment fake journalism isn't HulkHog but 21 y.o ruined w/o "newsworthy" justif. pic.twitter.com/7sMWMZlPMm
I see no difference betw spending 20 years of researching the tomb of Aristotle & the 10th C. morbid worship of ecclesiastical relics.
Aristotle's tomb may be good for local hotels, but conflating fetishism and contribution to knowledge is v. offensive to the philosopher.
Enlightnment heroes, when framed sanctiness of "freedom of expression",did not have Gawker & Engligh Tabloidism in mind. Delenda Gawker
As @RyanHoliday shows,defending Gawker that drives 21 yo to contemplate suicide in the name of 1rst amnd is criminal pic.twitter.com/hOIe1NlAFQ
2) The purpose of the freedom of speech/1st amendment is not to favor sellers of voyeurism/gawkerism. Voyeurism hijacks freedom of speech.
1)Don't believe the "Gawker goes after the poweful" scam. They punish the weak. Voyeurism is not journalism. Kapish? pic.twitter.com/hSfoNTuOqF
Squid in and Lebanese rose in Beirut. Pasta >> risoto pic.twitter.com/fAQ2PNLEus
Gawer has destroyed lives of college students by posting videos ag their will. &they bullied them using their power. @oiwoods @POLITICOMag
2/ In other words, voyeurism should not be the province of the press.
Easier to get a job in trading/quant/risk if you are a cook than economist. Economists are for networking, gov/nonprofit nonRealWorld.
Oil is stored solar energy; it is like a battery. The idea is to minimize storage. #RoyalColloquium2016
Bentham and the notion of utility see by Marx. @SanguineEmpiric pic.twitter.com/FgAfkBZf1K
Das Kapital
al thani, mudas-lilhash! Alf shkr
Gauss Markov requires finite variance.
Three intense days on the Precautionary Principle near Stockholm pic.twitter.com/xPwrQl3pkJ
If you want to convince the other side that you won the argument, you have no argument.
google hubris hypothesis mergers
4/4 From a long experience observing mergers, management of 1 of the companies is usually outsed; 1 side cashes out. So Agency Problem.
3/3: Re: Bayer-Monsanto: we have known robustly since 1986 that mergers create negative returns, largely a game by CEOs for own benefit.
Greater monopoly is typically suicide for corporations. @CAM_SMlTH
My betes noires: + MONSANTO - gone ? + SAUDI BARBARIA - on the way  + HILLARY MONSANTO-MALMAISON + Economic Departments + GOLDMAN SACHS -
2/2 Bayer, as far as I know, doesn't engage in as vicious smear campaigns against scientists as Monsanto does.
So Monsanto is now dead. Bayer for all its ills cannot possibly be as unethical as Monsanto. Good riddance.
I can order it. Link?
@famousj No, Babylonian, Persian and SyroByzantine
Fat tailed vs Thin tailed domains. Please read books before engaging authors.
Historia du jour: Many Caliphs were half-Greek (Al-Wathiq, Al-Muntasir, Al-Mu3tadid) and Al-Muhtadi was 3/4 Greek. pic.twitter.com/k3JryrfHMe
The problem is survivorship bias. Those that blow up somehow hide from the record. Even corrections aren't good.
My co-author & I have data showing that Hedge Funds who blew up in 2007-8 were ~ those w/lowest daily volatility/highest Sharpe. @Sevens_2
Bill Gates is not a risk scientist & not a logician;"data driven" meaningless for complex systems/hidden risks w/Turkey Problems  @JonHaidt
w 2eddesh tele3it kilfta?
badde es2alak: 2edde fakkar bitkallef?
Shu AQI?
Supreme rigor of the Russian school of probability: they dealt in inequalities not identities @philipbstark pic.twitter.com/LubP6jkZUJ
In probability inequalities are real, the rest speculation.
Everything one does to hide intellectual dishonesty increases dishonesty. When caught lying, @amonck, confess. @Sartor1836 @WLTSchirano
Centrally our idea is not to provide mechanisms, just map correspondence between functional and probabilistic.
Yes they are statistically the same; that's the main idea.
Yes the idea is characterize from the response how some need chronic, others acute.
Liar Adrian Monck, when caught, kept changing the story "not in TBS", "not in Chapter x", "not on page x", etc.  @WLTSchirano @amonck
MD for "public engagement" @ Davos,Adrian Monck @amonck repeating "no ref to Popper" in T Black Swan. There are 53 mentions of Popper. Liar.
the references and language are not those used by a scholar, even when popularizing works.
This tells you the author is a journo. @Confusezeus pic.twitter.com/E8v189RCxl
Question: To become a mathematican 1- Work w/operators & functionals not just functions 2- in dual spaces 3- measure in proofs 4- what else?
The idea is to show exact mechanisms by which effect is convex to variance
Didn't you Persans write it? "Ufarsin"?
It is not just a single tweet that will get Mr Wolfers in trouble #nontrivial ... @MadBurry @JustinWolfers @HillaryClinton @bill_easterly
In probability space, how tail eventsmore effective for threshold dependent outcomes #Medicine @mjd1735 @markomanka pic.twitter.com/zNy1YSAFNH
How variability can me more effective/more economical @mjd1735 @markomanka pic.twitter.com/s91lyXDYnP
And thanks for the good kind of nitpicking.
...unless you are running for office.
Thanks! Since then refined to curve starts at Dose=0.
use \exists although the \foall one can be proven using symmetry arguments.
The Incerto as a Multidisciplinary project in Probability: how to figure out that things link together. pic.twitter.com/KQ9eIn8pIN
Only that there exists a concave region. But nitpicking on the other is welcome as it improves paper.
There is no infinity, [0,H], for a reason. Kapish/ (Kapish is "capisce" in Kalabrez)
Read again, used [c,H] for concave.
And if you are using test function as kernel, required compact support, hence orign properties on left same [Schwrtz]
then it starts convex
Formalizing #Antifragility in Medicine: Putting together stuff/making notation uniform for @markomanka pic.twitter.com/h58PnG7BjY
Statement "economics is abt making all of us better off" means "economics is abt making ALL economists [bureaucrats/empty suits] better off"
Mark you are tooooo much in a hurry. Interesting things take some time. @GuruAnaerobic @JustinWolfers
Mr Wolfers @JustinWolfers  & I will soon have an entertaining (possibly one-sided) discussion of probability theory @theYoungerPitt
Students saying "fat tails" instead of "cheese" at party pic.twitter.com/8pZjuWvYsP
MC better for random processes
@HDNER not quite my clan. I am Greek orthodox, closer to Greeks and Aramaeans than Syriacs.
If .1% of Americans already pay MORE taxes than the bottom 60%, then logical fallacy.
Looks like @DrCirillo and I need to write one that includes fat tails. Meanwhile Papoulis is best.
A summary of our problem with the junk statistics of Pinker. pic.twitter.com/DJlsTVM8eQ
No, no, no, I was offering a compliment: "philosopher" in the good sense.
The reaction one should expect from a philosopher.
Looks like the Incerto is finally going to be ONE book (in one boxset)! Don't tell my publisher I showed it! pic.twitter.com/F8S4fQW4es
I think high variance not necessarily fat tails.
Rome was never top down; their jurisprudence was closer to today's AngloSaxon approach
The Holy Roman Empire was 1) not Roman, 2) not Holy, and 3) not an Empire. @sevanslux
A clearer point of #Antifragile @mjd1735 @markomanka pic.twitter.com/Yr3ltKbmAW
You have a Lebanese nose.
Let us give Mr Wolfers a little break for now and not distract him with such matters as gold.
Mr Wolfers will soon discover that doing probability right is much much harder than it looks. @iMetaldog @JustinWolfers
"which turned out to be incorrect"so he is now posing as a Greek expert & making stmts. Fucking rat.
Pigliucci has the knee jerk reaction of the academic rat: dismiss w/o knowing. Not scholarly @ZbraPntedDonky @mpigliucci @PembertonT
Like places of sin? The goodness of gambling?
Dear Mr @JustinWolfers do your papers on betting/long shots take account of these biases? Couldn't find.Thank you. pic.twitter.com/Se3PPSPjQy
Only on Wednesdays. Why?
Would you consider a valid proof of showing Min[g(a,b,c)]>=0 for all a>=b>=c>=0? if so, i can minimize long hand.
What do you mean by "both proofs"?
If I were for or Against Trump, the Trump column would be unch. But the Hillary would change if I liked her.
Just as the new generation is incapable of doing long hand multiplications. Here Minimize with &&constraints uses Lagr Xier!
The lazy way got a numerical solution waiting to do a minimize using Lagrange multiplier. pic.twitter.com/wjdbNP8woW
Your search fucking idiot shows psychologists I am critiquing for  NOT knowing math. Imbecile.
2/What I mean by rigorous is not making assumptions/ certainties when there is uncertainty. Shillary offers certainties, Trump fewer ones.
I have a rough time fattening the tail of a dist in [0,\inf] without raising the variance. in [-inf, inf] easy
Mr Poley could you document such remarks from stats? I am genuinely interested since can't find any . Thank you.
Certainly, at a quantum level.
Used a one-tailed dist for x  @HarryhongHong @markomanka pic.twitter.com/uZkV4omqAg
You can normalize... Ignore numbers, I can rescale.  it is just S[X] in [0,1]
I moved a up a bit see fat tailedness and effects pic.twitter.com/jAofmIyidm
He seems free.
How we transfer from dose response to probability space. Param a controls fatness of tails. @mjd1735 @markomanka pic.twitter.com/xsUi5afFIu
UNknown about Trump, known about Clinton. That is the main difference.
Your logic isn't even defective. Adverse selection is a sample bias and that's the point.
What kind of Republic has Dynastics? By Republic I meant republic until Caesar. Kapish?
Hillary and Bush have done the most to harm minority populations in the Levant & Iraq since Genghis Khan. @hopps3
Worse. My point was "adverse selection" and he absolutely refused to take the very concept into account.
Thanks! That's what I suspected from your writing. Fasting is stressful.
Have some charity in a verbal interview."They're"can't be "all" with the following sentence making reference to "some are good"
Bernie v. Trump I go Bernie because his domestic policies won't go through  and his foreign policies are clearer @BoustanyMazen
My only fear is Trump and the Iranians having an ego fight not moderated by Russia.
I think the fellow is history. But I know he has strained rapport with Barbaria.
Comparing outcomes and foreign policy for Trump vs Hillary in a more rigorous way pic.twitter.com/ujwQS3iXmb
The Republic was plagued with civil wars.
Prices in UK are higher because of horrrrrrrrible distribution and monopolies.
@drjasonfung How is it that normal pple nonPD w/o Dawn effect have glucose rise in morning (from ~93 to 115)when they fast 70h? Stress horm?
We need @holland_tom: From Caesar to Herakles Rome had 7 full centuries of domination of Med, vs ~100 y as a Republic @JohnMinehan1
Imbecile, it is like saying "if you are afraid of theft do not buy a car". Strawman is theft and you are an idiot.
What tape?
2/2 Tactic by journos: catch them committing straw man they gang up strawman more portraying you "thin skinned", as this imbecile @TimOBrien
BTW Harry is a doctor attended my risk certificate and Marko is the editor of the Handbook.
In a given domain. Not caloric restriction but volatility in delivery.
The net iatrogenics will then follow nonlinearity of severity.
V. Interesting. Where did you say it?
Your remark is random and randomly imbecilic.This is a citation of someone else's remark. Leave the web and go to school.
No, Generalized S curve with convex and concave, increasing and decreasing zones.
How Journos are marketing Trump. pic.twitter.com/kTqyX1GT1X
Actually, the S curve thins out the tail since outcome is bounded by death.
in the US CostCo and WallMart moved into organic. They're not stupid: food is not food but distribution.
This summarizes how we can introduce a formal view of fragility in Medicine. Any comments?   @markomanka pic.twitter.com/3FLXaatSNj
So let's say Rome stayed dominant as republic 120 to max 150 years.
You are right! I would say 30 y after 2nd. But in  East there were still post-Antiochus resistance slowing down domination.
I argue that both ethics and Kashrut rules come from stubborn minorities, as small as 2% of pop.
And American family used to spend 50% of income on food, today ~7%. Room and premia for quality.
Bingo. Shows in price but lower demand. Organic is very lucrative, growing & better distibution.
So if the difference between organic and nonorgatic tomato is 30% at source, it will be 5% in store as distr.becomes efficient
Distribution represents the bulk of costs. Per unit,~12-18% goes to grower, the rest distribution/storage,w/>10% perishable,
and no it was a nice oligarchy/republic the Doge was never allowed to be alone with a visitor.
Mainly they had Phoenician style quarters in areas to secure trade/routes. Like the Dutch, Genoa, others.
Groceries are vastly more powerful than Monsanto et al. At least one order of magnitute larger industry.
Empire?
Great power? No. In the 210s they spent >decade terrorized by Hanibal w/a small troup?
3) If I had to pick the persons in power the most ignorant of complexity/interactions: Henry Kissinger &  Hillary Clinton-Monsanto-Malmaison
Wait till NY. Or anywhere in Maritime Italy or Rome.
Fact du jour: Rome was the dominant empire & a republic for a short period, 3rd punic war to Rubicon ~90 years.
Please, please, no, no, no, no! You need squid ink sauce.
Sorry. Blocking was done automatically when the PR firm Ketchum was harrassing me; all followers of blocked were autoblocked. @Chris_arnade
Do you believe Charlatan Noah when he says that his departure from Stony Brook was "voluntary"?
Surviving traders can think clearly. Others I am never sure except when I see the math/formal reasoning. Skin in the game. @learnfromerror
Lost all respect for Petraeus: at SALT he said wem shd be forgiving w/SaudiBabaria re 9/11 as "an ally". Bureaucrats are Morally Nauseating.
Samar, when you act against someone who violates your ethics, you go until the end.
Is the sauce squid ink?
Some dispensation!
Much more: convexity expressed into another mathematical representation equals like stressors/volatility,...
He seems clueless. We are not giving a statistical measurement but a *necessary* relation between various effects.
Now you have one.
This is exactly what I meant. @markmadsen @swardley pic.twitter.com/haN8RMiOY5
How come Matt you know so much about 1) History of Saudi Barbaria, 2) pharmacology, 3) law?
Central limit works very slowly for finite variance infinite higher moments such as cubic @urcum62 @financequant pic.twitter.com/DbncpwkpUM
I increase the dose every time he comes back.
I never threated. I act first as with Charlatan @noahpinion then threaten when finished. @Fight_Whisperer
Ordered it. It has nothing but partial S curves but no Generalized. Great to see concavity of drugs.
It is not Greco-Roman,Greco-Greek or Greco-Phoenician; what is Greco-Roman is in the Hellenization of "Roman".
A generalized sigmoid curve for dose-response in Medicine. Has anyone seen such generalization in lit?  @markomanka pic.twitter.com/vq3KoT0r4p
West is butter, East is rice, Byzantium is olive oil.
Anyway in paper I am using the "if" not excluding the existence of these. Need to finish tomorrow!
Eventually it will end that way it is not a smooth function.
Jorion is just ignorant mathematically he does not have Noah Smith's profound unreliability & ingrained charlatanism.
A Brownian motion is guaranteed to hit 0 but doesn't mean it will be absorbed.
Fat Tony rarely reacts but when he does so he makes up for it and never stops until the fellows goes into hiding @PaulSkallas @Noahpinion
Can be 0 as market doesn't necessarily have ruin unlike individual.
no, why?
Balkanization works Balkanization stabilizes Balkanization reduces oppression of minorities @yaneerbaryam @WLTSchirano @joshua_landis
Remember: Turks killed more minorities after their "Westernization" than pripr. Modernism. @davefobare @GrkStav @yaneerbaryam @joshua_landis
Secularism failed in the Levant & Turkey. Best to do an @yaneerbaryam "better fences make better neighbors". Decentralize! @joshua_landis
Taqiyya is allowed for Druze Alawis and Alevis so it is hard@to dig into their theology and true beliefs.
If it starts at 0 it is concave otherwise still convex.
Indeed! Does it start at 0?
Is he your direct uncle?
Question: Do non-initially convex dose-response functions exist in nature? #Medicine #Antifragile @markomanka pic.twitter.com/QcAqUkJqiz
Second edition of The Bed of Procrustes @JohnDCook pic.twitter.com/FzDGAom67o
@aNatureTech pic.twitter.com/qpvk4tfxgz
Hi I am leaving after my tawk.
She has been quiet.
Right! Have corrected all docs.
Las Vegas: Explained fragility as concavity: Mix a $2,000 bottle of wine with a $10 one. The 2 bottles will be worth less than $1,005 each.
You're not getting it. Charlatan Noah Smith is not even an academic, like Falkenstein not even an academic.
Interestingly, lognormal sigma.
I repeat what I was told not the cover up/sugarcoated version.
So if you claim some is not expert about a given subject, better know something about *that* subject. Kapish? @diane1859
Many use statistical distributions a la @saPinker, w/o understanding probability, like parrots memorize sentences. @DrCirillo @financequant
Every model that has layering uncertainty (error on error) ends up with power law @DrCirillo @financequant pic.twitter.com/1SGaB4WTOQ
Or a Pareto with stochastic alpha. Or a Gaussian with Poisson Pareto jumps,
Can confirm not true: Cauchy is not the only smooth survival function. pic.twitter.com/02FJjLxgJ3
We could be facing mixed distributions, a la compound poisson. But Lognormal is bad enough for tails.
Found the Platonic distribution on R (i.e. "smooth") that is neither fat tailed nor thin tailed. pic.twitter.com/iPGg41nGwe
Relax. We had an actor w/Alzheimer in the White House and many people claim things went v. well. A surviving real estate developer is picnic
Try to talk to a stranger without signaling your status & see how pleasant you will be to him/her. This is how salespeople operate.
Today in my SALT talk I am showing the 2 flaws in Goetzmann's paper. 1) Lucretius problems, 2) Mistake of ergodicity. @WGoetzmann
@lameensouag @G_Exercitus OK, let me rephrase: Most. And linguists do not seem to know about cross-terms.
@twistopherrobin I am in Las Vegas.
Ethical rule: you can only turn down an honor or a prize privately, never publicly.
"Shortcuts lead to vice, the long road to virtue":  Compendaria res improbitas, virtus longa.  (Optimization is the mother of all collapses)
Europa was the daughter of a Phoenician king. @noairbag @holland_tom @classicsforall
@tparsi @CMorelloWP Why bitcoin will eventually work, no?
In 4th C Athens Sidonians were not considered metics and had same rights as Athenians. @holland_tom @classicsforall
@holland_tom @gjbejjani I know Ghassan well. He did not buy them in bookstores but on line. But there is a 96.65% chance he read them.
@LaurenceJarvik Arabic plus some Canaanite, but need to check proportion and grammar.
@jdworldhq Colors are wrong someone assume skin tones are not Mediterranean
I'd rather live in a place where nothing makes sense but things work rather than a place where things make sense but don't work #Antifragile
@AquinoJeffer @JoanTubau No, will look.
24 anni di pratica Galabrez, una lingua comunemente noto come "Calabrese" con il barbiere Tony. pic.twitter.com/72lq2ZHEyQ
@ban_kanj I am looking for an actor for the role of Fat Tony.
@hazqiyal @markomanka @Teheozavr Thanks a million! I need only simpler discrete form but this is invaluable!
A pedagogical Monte Carlo explanation (corrected). pic.twitter.com/zNCUKPU320
cont the declining case (fragility) @markomanka @Teheozavr pic.twitter.com/4HykkYZ1aw
Next, an aggressive claim that EVERYTHING in nature can be expressed as a sum of S functions. @markomanka @Teheozavr pic.twitter.com/aNdR5Cti34
@johnrobb Urban planners have a bad record of .... planning.
@Teheozavr With your inquisition you are doing @markomanka'sjob as he is the editor of the Springer Handbook.
@Teheozavr @markomanka Doesn't satisfy condition that f'(0)=0. pic.twitter.com/tgI9HFY3je
@Teheozavr @markomanka pic.twitter.com/MLLXPTF7HM
Final @markomanka pic.twitter.com/t4yxutUnwo
@Teheozavr @markomanka 4: f should be f_1
Corrected 2 typos @Teheozavr @markomanka pic.twitter.com/UfIBopb0Ve
Statement of *a priori* truths in medicine, (but not 17th C. style), for @markomanka's Springer Handbook. Mistakes? pic.twitter.com/KIQDxGoB9t
@KielyGreg @matthewsyed Bingo: only option traders can get that!
Uncertainty about probability raises the value of long shots in proportion to the variance [metaprobability] @matthewsyed
@taigstaigs It appears in the variance. Kapish?
Some explanations of the Leicester payoff from notes: the "Long Shot Bias" seems to be miscalculated by econs. pic.twitter.com/HDAAXASQ6w
Always nice to see books of Tom Holland @holland_tom on bookshelves at parties. pic.twitter.com/1bAe0ug62g
@impcapital @JonHaidt We refuse to go beyond the artisanal. We do not want to scale. We are doing it for pleasure. As all artisanal.
@Pete_Spence Exactly, never never diet without lifting.
@CutTheKnotMath @kennethminoo One line to solve. pic.twitter.com/BWzjmoTp6M
@CutTheKnotMath @kennethminoo Yes but it is not fun!
@pianophase @CutTheKnotMath Sharpest is 1.5535
Is anyone covering shorts in HLF? It is still slightly hard to borrow. pic.twitter.com/mbrV7RJlrl
@CutTheKnotMath  Analytically, next step. pic.twitter.com/0Xo3HpXjcZ
@CutTheKnotMath Close, but included in set. Satisfies inequality. pic.twitter.com/l4gHvCwueO
@CutTheKnotMath And this is thighter since we take only positive values. pic.twitter.com/0WcfL5HHAK
@CutTheKnotMath But the reverse is not true. All (a,b,c) within the unit sphere satisfy the inequality, visual proof pic.twitter.com/TMDCMYYfTN
@CutTheKnotMath The visual intuition of the proof since {a,b,c} is a unit sphere. pic.twitter.com/xdZ0zMm32L
Allora: Epistemic Belief => Science Pisteic Belief => Trust (Religion, Legends, Literature) Doxastic belief => Skin in the Game Belief
@trscbrs No, I need another few months of meditating on belief as worship. A third class of belief. For Skin in the Game.
@hogtownserb Take walks in Gemmayze & Mar Mikhael.
@SparseTeeth Minorities are thrilled. They worship Putin.
@johnmflach Reading... very interesting.
@Barapasaurus @DrCirillo Fuck marketing.
Writing a tutorial book on Fat Tails w/@DrCirillo. W/self-publishing we control price ~$20 & paper quality. Shd we?
Andrew Gelman: "statistical incompetence at some sufficient level becomes indistinguishable from fraud". (paraphrased)
@BoustanyMazen that s an older file
@BoustanyMazen mistake
I don't mind people who talk "long run", but some exploit our desire for sustainability to INCREASE risk. @stewartbrand @MKM_Abdul
Stewart Brand @stewartbrand is a dangerous, dangerous, dangerous fraud!  @MKM_Abdul
@Spfannenschmidt Susan, I blocked the fellow as he is incoherent (including in his ethical stances).
@Alexrealtorpbc Please do not bury Sanders yet. Wait a bit.
@Pete_Spence Yes, I have an evidence of 1.
@Abundando nothing to do with right and left. Many Sanders supporters will vote Trump.
Anyone heeding journos for next w/Trump has a mental defect, given journos' blindness in ENTIRE episode ("matter of weeks until T deflates")
@WLTSchirano 6 only
@BrankoMilan Supposedly he was born (or family was born) 3 km from my house. Last week on a hike saw this. pic.twitter.com/CcbpbPBN9D
@WLTSchirano 10 pple they said.
@LinaArabii @ABarnardNYT @LizSly @HKX07 There are not tweets; actual clicks are different. Downloads are 20 time > on FB
@normonics @DrCirillo @BrendanHegarty3 Fat tails come from bundling risks that are independent in occurrence.
@DrCirillo @BrendanHegarty3 Not quite. Pasquale is showing the clustering of risks. Fat-tailedization of risks
@JonathanCard @KarlreMarks Exactly: this idiot Sharro didn't realize my allergy to ex post interpr s.a. Monday morning quaterbacks.
We expect Jews in pre-Islamic Arabia. Here A school of 7th century Syriac writers in… Qatar. Mario Kozah @mariokozah pic.twitter.com/xoZKC838dk
P.S. You see from above that these posts (written in 10 min) have 300K viewees, > most NYT articles. The press is increasingly irrelevant.
Email:"Why do you spell Kapish instead of capisce?" A: Kapish,like prozhut & gabagool aren't in Italian,but in Kalabrez still spoken in NY.
@EugeneCFerguson It is not "Middle Eastern" but Near Eastern. MEditerranean.
@DrCirillo Meanwhile I at still stuck with an equation for the law of large numbers... 5 months.
Se volevo insultarti in italiano ti avrei chiamato un "coglione". @Keynesblog @SanguineEmpiric
@BenJohannson @Forbes which is why the negative works
Basic income:a necessity when robots get the jobs & their designers get the shekels. Like Athens but slaves=robots @wimgrommen @Johnicholas
Soul in the game. @pareekhjain
@pareekhjain Just cited it will give attribution.
In other words it is not because successful innovations have had funding that there is a causal link. Innovate first, fund later.
@annwitbrock Like a job as a patent clerk?
@seneca465 No, they did not need for initial impulse.
@Keynesblog No, imbecile. Not what I am saying. Make a minimal effort to think before tweeting.
@seneca465 NonKapish
The Baath Party in Syria's "Arabization" program ignored the 40+ Syrian philosophers who wrote in Greek. pic.twitter.com/hnxB5H58CW
Saudi Barbaria's billboard in Lebanon "Greatness of KSA frm the *greatness* of its men"; 3 "great" royals #notsatire pic.twitter.com/9VmTB8ikMC
@peterfrankopan @holland_tom But Carneades went much further; he went to Rome.
@ghchammas Ahlan! Badde ishkrak lahal 3azime!
@robissonleo Yes!!!
Comment: I will invest in the business of efficient demolition of post 1960 structures as they will be replaced w/more fractal architecture.
Xristos Anesti to all Orthodox people & others who celebrate! -- Mshu7o d'qam min qabro [in West. Aramaic] Msi7 qam min qabro [in Levantine]
@kennethminoo The last integral is the expect of the error beyond the max for one-sided; shows underestimated risk. pic.twitter.com/yYJHmIZRuv
@kennethminoo Exactly but I am looking at norms L1 and L2 not Norm L_\infinity. You can generate noise without a distribution via Brownian B
@Sevens_2 Nothing. Just hiking.
I vote for Douma as the most attractive village in North Lebanon. pic.twitter.com/QfE7WvMZkI
Probability du Jour: The empirical distribution as a Brownian Bridge. pic.twitter.com/eylDC4EzvT
@irkaft I AM the victim of false positives.
@SarahAnn_Madden I agree. But how many victims of hysterics compared  to victims of terror?
2/2 "Diderot: "...people tell me that I have the air of a man perpetually seeking something he lacks". #ModernPagan. pic.twitter.com/x8k9O6kesB
You can tell real scientists from CV-builders: the real thing tell you what they are *trying* to figure out, not what they *did* in career.
I do not delete my tweets and do not fear you journos. They autodelete >90d. Kapish? Do your F*** homework, journo. @caitlindewey
@TradingLoonies Not really. Many blow up traders had skin in the game, so long as he has SITG at time of writing.
@georgeathan78 But olive oil is not allowed in Greece, allowed in Lebanon
@ArmandDAngour My ignorance is infinite.
@constans This is a cheap picture, a page cut from some book (fear of theft on the side of road). Icons are definitely Byzantine.
Mystery? In N. Lebanon, shrines for St George in Greek-Orthodox areas, for Mary in Maronite ones #pagansubstrate pic.twitter.com/eUysTftzp6
@ArmandDAngour Who said that?
Try to remember when reading anything written by a journalist (especially a science journalist) that he is *by definition* an impostor.
I thank @BeirutMadinati for bringing a hope of governance & call on the Lebanese diaspora to help them. #BeirutMadinati
Because we buy oil from Saudi Barbaria, what they do in Yemen is OK. Russia is "autoritarian". Hypocrites. @robggill @zerohedge
@BoustanyMazen @faizkatt @raytheonunited Hayda troll 3meltello block
The reason commerce flourished in the Levant was thanks to Francis I's deal with the Sultan ("echelles du Levant") @peterfrankopan
A7san shi tele3 min jdid 3enna bi Lebnen w bled el Shem #BeirutMadinati sawwtulon! 3enna amal 3a musta2balna. Sawwto la #BeirutMadinati
Yes see Taleb and Ruffie, 1965: Etudes hemotypiques des ethnies Libanaises @faizkatt @raytheonunited
@learnfromerror @SanguineEmpiric Didn't the great Isaac Levy spend time bickering with him?
Where we show that the reciprocal of some fat tailed is...Gaussian! pic.twitter.com/wOyLRurGo5
@barbcfa Hi you never need permission for citing public material. Ciao.
@PheroMoan Get the F out of EU.
Admonish your friends in private; paise them in public. Distrust anyone who does the reverse. (Secrete amicos admone; lauda palam.)
@ban_kanj why "yhawwel"; it is redundant, no?
@AllisterMeister they did it as a favor to @sothisispietro
@iandavidmorris According to Georges Duby, it was.
Correction (3d version) L'3am yitjahalak mush 3am yensak
@MChammas Aphorism = economy
Correction: L'3am yitjahalak mush 3am yijhalak
@grhajj Kattarte el-kilmat
L'3am yijhalak mush 3am yijhalak [Translation is open to improvement] pic.twitter.com/P7ixz7Z6rC
Latkazzeb 3al kizzeb Yfakkerak bitsad2o. لتكزب علكزاب يفاكراك بتسدقوا pic.twitter.com/5qX83MfP8t
بتعور الطايش بمعرفتوا [Attempts to translate into Levantine] pic.twitter.com/DD8OSl6eSh
يلي بعرقلك شوي بأخرك كتير
اول شي  نقبل انوا  ١) الشامي(المشرقي) لغه مش "لهجة" ٢) اللغة الشامية اعتق من العربي! (ولو فيا  ٣٠ \١٠٠ كلمات عربي) ٣) اللغة بتبلش بالأدب
بقبل الحرف السامي للشامي (هوي اسرع للكتابة) بس لل إنترنت بددك تستعمل اللاتيني حتا مايكتبو بل انكليزي   @AssalehAmer @adnanhobalah  @ZJourei
Kill shi bi3ar2l shwayy bi2a55er ktiyr @AssalehAmer @adnanhobalah @crackmandem @ZJoureir
@adnanhobalah @crackmandem @ZJoureir Ahl lebnan mannon met3awwadin yde22o 3al 7arf el 3arabe
Iza baddak ahl el balad yektbo bil-legha 3a facebook w social media sahhillun yeha. @adnanhobalah @ZJoureir
Iza me7tar 3a kitebet elshami bil7arf el-latine shouf el inklise "dough" "rough" w kelmet heik. @ZJoureir @adnanhobalah
@saifedean Amioun is much, much better.
A Graeco- Roman temple 2 miles outside Amioun. No pagan worshippers this morning except for yours truly. pic.twitter.com/acehLKOwk7
@ZJoureir @adnanhobalah 5 hiyye el "kh"
@AlMesopotamian @adnanhobalah @ZJoureir You don't need all vowels all the time.
بمالطه بيكتبوا لغه ساميه بالحرف اللاتيني  @adnanhobalah @ZJoureir
@adnanhobalah @ZJoureir معلعاده كلشي سهل
@adnanhobalah @ZJoureir هيي "اهين علينا أرايتا" ...مزبوط
@adnanhobalah @ZJoureir Lal-suhule 3al internet. 3melt iste7sa2! Wel 7arf el syriene tabi3e aktar... Hiyye el fikra ramziyye. Bass meshe.
@Aziadeh93 Approach: decentralization, total decentralization. No Palestinian should be ruled by an Israeli & vice versa.
@Aziadeh93 Bildaffe elshariyye biye7ko a2rab 3al hijazi.
@Aziadeh93 OK,OK. Killkun.
@rbaassiri @HusseinKanso el wazze el-sawda
@rbaassiri @thelateempire Not lebantine, just lebanese
@HusseinKanso 3am bneshtghl 3laya.
La2. Sa3iid 3akl kan ma7sour billebnene. Ana bilshami (ye3n3 el suriyye w se2er el mashre2 bima biyon el daffe elgharbiyye.) @ZJoureir
@thelateempire The reason people use English is because Arabic feels strange, foreign, archaic, & underdeveloped.
@thelateempire It is older!
2/ mitlma el telyene ballash bi-Dante 3eyzin 7ada yektub adab bil-shami.
El3uroube wellgha el3arabiyye killa tezwir tari5e. El-shami ligha lawa7da bte2rab el-3arabe wel-arame, 3ayzin niktub kitub fiya latballesh.
@saifedean @trishankkarthik Via negativa: stop the carbs (particularly sugar), fast, rather than all these pills.
