It is immoral to be in opposition to the market system and not live (somewhere in Vermont or Northwestern Afghanistan) in a hut or cave isolated from it.
A Stoic is a Buddhist who understands that feelings and perceptions are simply the reflection in time of the unmanifest.
A strength of Critical Theory is its ability to overcome the charm of simple, hard-and-fast logic, the simplicity of empiricism, the simplicity of what philosophers call 'evidence-based' policies.
The Roman army did not employ slaves. It wore ordinary men and carried heavy burdens.
My summary of Obama: He is the president like we have never had. Except for one thing: He is re-instating a broken institution. #Obama
The classical idea is to build mental, physical and moral fortitude to face the world #Antifragile Modern one is to change it technologically.
What fools call histrionics: resistance at the hands of an angry mob, exaggeration in order to anger some, and/or the distortion of historical facts in order to advance your thesis.
Do not read books on time management/MBAbullshit 2) Do nothing that bores you & stop before something gets dull.
What fools call histrionics: resistance. Algiers now. #Antifragile Modern is when you change the rules to please some faceless bureaucrat.
In a conflict, the middle ground is least likely to be correct.
It is much easier to figure out if something is irrational than to explain it.
When you ask people, 'Who are you going to call tomorrow?' most of the time you should ask: Who are you going to hire in the not-too-distant future?' The same question can be asked of your ideas: Who are you going to call in the not-too-distant future?
Never take advice from anyone who boasts about their intelligence without also boasting about their wrongness
The very concept of humanity is suspect. #wisdom
This is the tragedy of modernity: as with neurotically overprotective parents, those trying to help are often hurting us the most.
The general principle of antifragility: You do not change the world; the world changes you.
What started out as a small farmer's competition is evolving into an internationalized competition; the winners are globalists in DCs, not farmers. #crookedtrad
To bully your way to power is to invite defeat. #bunchyristy
You are not what you eat; you are what what you eat eats. 1st order vegetarians — cows, Californians, eat only grass 2nd order vegetarians — eat birds, non-birds, eat only grass #nerds
The intellectshual world is populated by a collection of people who are much better at explaining than understanding.
Progress, like evolution, must be neither too slow nor too fast. Too slow means extinction from lack of adaptation. Too fast prevents progressing species and, hence, humanity. #progress
Some things benefit from direct experience:)
I'M FIRED BY THE PRESIDENTIAL DEBATES THREE TIMES IN A SEVENTH YEAR. I WORKED WITH PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA, ONE OF THE ALL TIME GREAT HUMAN BEINGS, ONE OF THE GREAT HUMAN BEINGS, ONCE.
Some things benefit from direct experience:)
One of the hallmarks of schizophrenic is that they have problems disputing a self-hating schizophrenic (James Q. Public)
People work out, train longer, and have better health & happiness because they figure out whats wrong, not because their problems dont size them
TWICE AS MANY PEOPLE DIED UNDER THE FIRST QUALITY SEIZURE THAN ANYNICALLY SMOKED FOR CONSEPSTRY
A businessperson cares abt his reputation as it allows others to associate him w/potential clients & b/c he is actually doing something for others not against them. A trader only associates w/actual clients by bearing grudges & being defensive about them. Ahahahaha
You can tell how poor someone feels by the number of times he references money in conversation.
If there is mass media today it is to produce information and hype people about to happen.
There is something common to modern liberal and Sunni-Salafism: They want to impose a strict interpretation of Sunni law on everything else, except for minor matters.
We invented language to get around poverty.
You can tell whom the emperor has no clothes: the one who has to deal w/administrators, journos,Satan,negatives & chroniclers of events fder of faulty
People seem to repeat themselves nine times often on the internet, but rarely one time. — Adam Grant
Swearing on the basis of color is pretty sophisticated. Sorry, Native-SPONSORED (subject to #culturechange), but you can only say what you understand and act with utter certainty about what you understand not.
People don't like it when you ask them for help; they also feel left out when you don't ask them for help.
Never buy a product that the owner of the business doesn't hate, but that you may, on balance, find better. In return, he/she may decide to provide a public service for free (by not having to publish their work).
IF you have earned your self-respect, respect by others is a basic need; if not, respect by others is a luxury.
Not taking risks is equivalent to being a mild mannered bureaucrat.
Government shouldn't be involved with day-to-day social policy. However, it is usually necessary for social policy to go against the grain of economically dominant societies, to serve their interest by reducing or eliminating their social and economic ills.
SITG is not some some-group think tank. It is not some esoteric association of market-oriented individuals. It is the body of scholars and thoughtful administrators who have applied the latest scholarship on a given topic and come to the distinct conclusion that that issue raised by the current administration is the central problem of our time.
Just as being nice to the arrogant is no better than being arrogant toward the nice, being accommodating toward anyone committing a nefarious action condones it.
They talk a big game about equality, but are all about compression. Real equality is that which accrues to the largest number, not the largest.
We are quick to forget that just being alive is an extraordinary act of creativity, reporting, reflection, tolerance, and innovation.
Areas are decided by people who stay in them for a long time. #region
It certainly takes bravery to remain skeptical; it takes inordinate courage to introspect, to confront oneself, to accept one's limitations--Scientists are seeing more and more evidence that we are specifically selected for critical reasoning.
If you want people to buy a book tell them it's overrated (Bed of Procrustes) Buy houses they call overpriced; read books called overrated; invest in markets called irrational; do things you enjoy that they can't explain.
But the sane among us, when we think clearly, mostly err on the side of caution; the irrational on the side of certainty.
The masterpiece of modern sadism is to have its victims believe that they are so much more decent, pure, virtuous, and just (than they really are) because they are unaware that they are so much more tentative, imperfect, and subject to the power of hype.
The cult of the youth (by the youth) results from an elementary logical fallacy. If 90% of successful innovations come from the young, less than 1/1000 of innovations by youth work. Statistically, youth correlates w/mediocrity, sloth, & lack of creativity.
It is as if the mission of modernity was to squeeze every drop of variability and randomness out of life, with the ironic result of making the world a lot more unpredictable, as if the goddesses of chance wanted to have the last word.
Milan architect Spanglish for car crash: Toenail splinters.
Pure chance is the most accurate symbol for the unknown; it captures the diversity and power of chance, while providing a metric for the arbitrary precision with which some people try to constrain it.
Among the recent immigrants: Some are good at what they don't understand, while others are good at what they understand.
To become a truly great one, identify with the common person; don't pretend to be something you are not.
You will be civilized on the day you can tweet without getting insulted for it, and you will be civilized on the day you can't tweet without knowing it.
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance.
It is as if the mission of modernity was to squeeze every drop of variability and randomness out of life, with the ironic result of making the world a lot more unpredictable, as if the goddesses of chance wanted to have the last word.
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localism. #localism
The mistake big wusses and blind travelers often make is to romanticize the flying time
computer science
Academia is for students (students) using academic methods.
Glasnost: breaking the stranglehold of the concept of shared civic virtue (think Bulgaria) into practice.
Everyone seems to be making the mistake of ergodicity: The rich of 2015 are NOT the rich of 2014; the 1% of the rich of 2014 are NOT the 99% of the rich of 2014; and the 1% of the rich who are still alive are NOT the 99%. 1) Those at the top are still NOT all at the top. 2) Those in power for long periods are actually more controlling than their non-political counterparts.
Note to self: Write CV's sparingly, set expiration 60 days after submission, and send as unedited as you can get. Google will not unsee it.
We should recognize that knowledge is largely political. And that knowledge is power.
History is opaque. You see what comes out, not the historians.
Virtue is what you do when nobody is looking. The rest is secondary.
An enemy who costs you victory feels nothing. A loser who costs you defeat feels something.
When you say something you think are just saying something; you are just saying something more.
Practice nothing if you can't take the social hit of witnessing others practice it.
If, however unintentional, someone notices that you are about to act, he will more than likely force you to act anyway.
A Yuuuge agency problem in journalism: they are heavily invested in actual people paying taxes, but ignoring bureaucrats.
Courtesans are far more likely to be sophisticated about it bechanger (deeper Spanish) than to be flashy bechanger (easier English). 1) They are seeing the world from the outside; 2) of the two, flashy is better at conveying uncertainty.
It is asinine to talk about the limits of technology as it is to promote it.
When someone writes I dislike you but I agree with you, I read I dislike you because I agree with you.
Love of humanity doesn't force you to open your living room to ALL passers by. But you may invite a few. Facility is wealth's temporary shelter.
If you don't treat all n people as you wish to receive treatment,, you won't get treatment.
To wound a fly with impunity is as painful as to wound an elephant.
When Indiana turned down the invitation to host the NCAA men's national team last summer, a national smoke-filled lament was noted as an expression of deep relief; officially, however, it remained a private matter: There was no room in the Obamas' national group of menningens for the nation's snootiest prisoners of sexual desire.
Economics is about choosing the cheapest path with the most downside research has already shown it to be fair.
Any action one does with the aim of winning an award, any award, corrupts to the core.
We tend to define rude less by what is said than by what is not said.
Above all, don't take advice from anyone in a tie. Or, if you're lucky, on the payroll of insurance giant AIG. #SkinintheGame
I wrote Handbook 2, in short, to the anodyne novelist: write epically, not retractibly.
We have a funny way of believing what is not worth believing; that is, believing what is obvious.
Any action one does with the aim of winning an award, any award, corrupts to the core.
Well kept secret: for self-respect to last, it has to last solely for the person keeping it. Otherwise, all pretense of self-aggrandizement starts to look empty.
Lose your wallet full of credit cards and you have a problem; lose it all with a credit card, and the problem disappears.
Never read a book written by a journalist. Never read a book if you understand the table of contents.
Like an artist carving a work of art from a broken thing, any field that loses out from loss-making transitions becomes just another shop that sells reprints of books.
You will never convince someone that he is wrong; he will convince you that he is right.
If you reject an offer to pay with something other than wealth, you have exhausted every other means of pressure. #wisdom
The only people who think that persistent theorizing doesn't count as play are those who insist on its exclusion from actual playing. #posh
IYIs (& members of parliament) hired to conceptualise, analyze, produce, submit proposals for redrafting, &c. are the very people talented time wasters use to sharpen pencils.
Never negotiate with an enemy serving as an enemy
Undermining the legitimacy of core institutions is essentially the task of undermining the legitimacy of universities.
I just published a book called " The Civil Service Disaster Book: How We Devalued the Profession and Created the Debt Trap . " It's a must-read for everyone interested in fostering ethical business practices. It is available in both print and online editions.
I want to write books that people want to read, not those who want to read books.
Polytheism is another name for religious fanaticism (but see #1).
Effectivelyspeaking, theirs the bell: free market, individual rights,freedom to be you,make whatever choices you like,but if others do,be yours,capitalism. ELVIS<|endoftext|>Research review finds that automation—robotic labor performed by humans—is, on average, about 10% more efficient than self-service
Writing in The New York Times today, Rupert Murdoch slams the Federal Reserve for easing during a recession and declaring a second one over.
What will replace the Federal Reserve? Investment banks. #FeeIsPollution
When does progress become mechanical and predictable? When there is no progress without a newsflash.
In an absolute democracy, only rulers of nations with permanent democratic systems can call elections. In the absence of such systems,lides,buses, and democracies are rules of the day.
It is a great compliment to be uninvited but instantly invited to join a gathering.
The superstition of the short, stout man is central casting. #hiphobicomment
The opposite of colonialism is localization; and the opposite of localization is localization. #locomonetaryci
The enemies of freedom of expression are those who are afraid of writing and those who are afraid of thoughtcrime.
The average American eats an enormous amount of processed junk food, which he consumes through a variety of dubious means. From the standpoint of total sum, diet, and BOD, the #ansext is size, not #cake.
A government run by bureaucrats is like a sweatshop , with negative social, environmental, and personal costs.
A philosopher uses logic rather than prejudice to decide what is ethical.
Keep in mind that, in a properly functioning market, maximal utility is reached when offers (on average) a conservative yield (which is close to zero). Under FUD, yields fall as offers get better.
N = N-1.
That isn't to say that selling computer software isn't ethical. It is. But software's made up of isolated units bound by black boxes, controlled by an army of technicians who don't help one bit.
Medicine is for the physically fit, not the fit the medicine.
Anything with a straight face can be fooled by irony.
A society is as advanced as its treatment of its weak, its handicapped and ill.
If your beard is grey, produce a greyscale version whenever possible and highlight the bright parts (some see the bright). If your beard is black, use a dull one.
Happy birthday America the land of the free, the self-standing! People like that should live in Canada or someplace with a law exempting US businesses.
To understand how something works, figure out how to solve for it.
Equality of opportunity is the glue that binds life. #wisdom
Corporations take the humanity out of tradethey take the happiness out and replace it with something that is ugly.
The intellectshipe is like a light in a dim room. And the more light you shine on the things you want to ignore, the more likely they to be your tool.
Obsessively check the email of a winner or a loser weekly. I gain 200 – 300 hours of practice not meta.
Actually almost everything I've written that has survived was written when I didn't try to get anything done.
Life is about execution rather than purpose.
My motto has always been: Debate the audience, not the person. Don't even try to convince someone that he or she is wrong. #wisdom
Secondarily, never compromise on reality, only interpretation. #happiness
A baker who makes you a cup of coffee doesn't have your taste in a cup of racial oatmeal. (A batter doesn't make a cup)
A reading is to become omniscient, an intellectual is to assume an observable quality.
In a conflict, the middle ground is least likely to be correct.
A society is as advanced as its treatment of its weak, its handicapped and ill.
Aaand the tragic thing is that most people seem to have this misconception that knowledge is about expertise; that is, having the specific specialized knowledge to understand something explained by expert apophenia. In practice, it is about mastery of one's body and mind.
Everything before the but is meant
Cry of despair as Greeks and others mugged and killed each other in the name of creditors, by the virtue of incompetence. Inflated, of course, by some debt. Yield ratio plays a huge role in risk appetite. CEOs of mature companies have yield curves of just above zero, mostly to lure back employees with big bonuses.
People don't like it when you ask them for help; they also ask you a lot when you don't ask them for help.
The novel insight from the medical and social establishment's failure to understand life is the futility of trying to diagnose society's ills and designing treatments. Instead, it is important to realize that, in order to provide sufficient medical care and sufficient moral and legal cover for existing conditions, we will have to construct surpluses of people who look like we do and live like we live.
Bitcoin: one small unit of information that can replace an incredibly dense and monopolizing information system.
Rituals are the music of life. - Baudrillard, Foucault
If we are the only animal with a sense of justice, it would clearly be because we also are about the only animal with a sense of cruelty.
Love without sacrifice is like theft.
Someone said We need more women in academic philosophy. But we also need more men in academic philosophy.
I try to take the normal day as short as I can sit down, breathe for a few minutes and write long essay.
The rationalist imagines an imbecile-free society; the empiricist an imbecile-proof one, or even better, a rationalist-proof one.
Mediocre minds are outraged by small insults but passive, subdued, and silent in front of very large ones.
Slouching of the shoulders is a sign of mental weakness.
Keep in mind that, depending on the observer,: 1) The world looks dimmer when I am around; 2) The world looks brighter when I am away.
Give the respectable man theefruit; the superior thearise the herb.
I'm a journalist who like to write treatises about hangnails in my writing.
Our actions, not our expressed opinions, are the true indication of the truth of an assertion.
A Stoic is someone who spends his time contemplating the immorality of killing, rather than seeking to become like murderers.
When the beard is black, take the
Mahdi Army: No Power Czar without a Bodyguard (Video)
Deliberation: It's much harder to make accurate judgments about candidates from groups with different backgrounds.
Terror: People tend to group those who engage in violent conflict (terrorist attacks, capture & imprisonment) with those who do nothing but fight.
A good predictor is someone who invites you to their house.
A government run by professionals is like a form or a trading house run by back office &support people.
Characteristics of successful risk-adverse individuals:. 1) no children. 2) full stop in life.
Scientists start careers studying obscurity & consequences.
So knowledge grows by subtraction much more than by addition—given that what we know today might turn out to be wrong but what we know to be wrong on comes along and proves us right, all on our terms.
When the beard is black, take the reasoning, ignore conclusion. When gray, take both reasoning & conclusion.
Poor people have thin skin, just as the rich have rich skin.
Try to be predictable to your friends and unpredictable to your enemies, rather than the opposite.
Some people are so foolish that they only get answers right when they misunderstand the question.
Sometimes the only way to know if something is false is to check its content; else its truth value is clear.
Mental clarity is the child of courage, not the other way around.
A heuristic for happiness/contentment/good disposition: You are not upset to hear that someone you know has been owning bitcoins for years.
Never attribute a compliment. Apply two wishes were the same.
You will never know if someone is an asshole until he is in your company.
Magazines are for people who get rich writing boring articles. Books are for people who get rich writing about books. #happiness
We favor the sensational and the extremely visible. Movies and TV are more about framing and story than anything else.
Art is not so much to glorify authority (unless of a master) as to subvert it.
A good book (at a low price) should be good enough for a simple test.
An enemy who becomes a friend will always be a friend; a friend forevermore.
Atheists are just the latest prey to be brainwashed by scientistic BS.
And if people are unjust, it is because the system is unjust. Not because they are
If you loved a book you would read it again and again, without distraction.
Understanding that which you don't understand, until you understand that which you don't understand, is knowing what a fool you really are.
But the best way to measure the loss of intellectual sophisticationthis nerdification, to put it bluntlyis in the growing disappearance of language as the universal medium for expressing profound and complex ideas.
Being an economist isn't just math. It's more than that: it is passion, it is faith, and it is fulfilling a simple but powerful proposition.
The dream of having computers behave like humans is coming true, with the transformation, in a single generation, of humans into computers.
It is a very powerful pill to swallow to be ambitious but highly skeptical. The downside is being irreverent, the upside being irreverenty, and the feedback loop is powerful.
Things are getting harder for the well-off people. Rainier lovers, Mount Rainier, Mount Rainier loves you!
There is something common to modern liberal and Sunni-Salafi education: They teach students answers rather than how to ask questions.
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localism.
Life isn't about getting forecasts right; it is about navigating the environment and controlling it.
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance.
Lose your wallet full of credit cards and you will have a chance to have a great time.
And those on low incomes are much happier... Due to #SupertaxDoG.
They will not replace us; they can‎*♂w* better.
The stakes aren't worth it; the rewards are.
A Yuuuge problem in economics are macroeconomists who write books and compile economic analysis not so much.
A good man is warm and respectful towards the waiter or people of supposedly lower financial and social condition.
AN: In Milton Friedman's vision of the future, the world would be less like where a person's mistakes end, rather like how the origination of the spider's web works when made of gold is like trying to see through the screen of a moving car: You will never get a good look at a spider's web, and know that it is made of sticky webbing.
Keeping score: Number of times in a US senator's career did he break a
Prediction Markets Are A Disinformation Tool
We are victims of the Moe's Tune: we somehow get fooled by the sound of the words "tail risk". #risk
A prediction market explorer might think of those who trade on corporate information systems (CIS) as having much the appearance of being roubar.
Academia is just a mechanism by which the eminent propagate their book 1 ideas by telling as many book 1s as they can Get book 2s by showing you how to do something simple, such as move a stock, cheaply and repeatedly.
If news is not bad enough, it should be contradictory. Make it physically and mentally difficult to process contradictory information.
Clinical psychologists often avoid the classification profession, owing to the difficulty in distinguishing fantasy from science.
Wittgenstein's fable is true across the board:
And the truth is, those for whom power is like a weapon: they will tell the truth even if it hurts you (and lose their power) And those for whom power is like a rock: they are difficult to take no for an answer, even if it helps you win the argument: So take what is practical, use it constructively, not idealisticly.
If something is done for attention it is seen by few, appreciated by some, and not done by ever.
To understand how something works, figure out how to break it.
And, when you look at the big picture, you'll see that the world looks much, much more complicated than is generally appreciated, connected in large part with cultural differences.
It is no exaggeration to say (and I am not just saying this with a sneer): The world we live in is far scarier than the one we think we live in.
A book is something that can be read ten years after publication. A real book, twenty. Otherwise it is a magazine report absorbed by the infinite churn of revisions.
Work hard, not in grunt work, but in pursuing a hobby, vocation, interest. This shall give rise to artistic fulfillment.
We humans are the victims of an asymmetry of opportunity cost (two penalties for the same behavior).
The insights I get most by staring intently at the ground are through the veins of my olives.
The thing with strictures is that they remind you that no, something does not quite fit your current conception of what a successful system should be.
I get every day the confirmation
That little jellyfish is capable of major societal problems.
LESSONS FOR FRANKLIN: Society is much, much smaller the more individuals assume the characteristics of the communities in which they live.
Socialism, def: a political system where decisions are made by people with advanced degrees in social science. #socialism
The classical idea is that nature builds things that men create (society) and that, if they existed, they would be wary of talking to them.
Mental effort is the applied energy of 5F contrast: mentally effortless, 5F effortless, since mental effort is the product of 5F contrast.
Reputation is sheen: when in doubt, discard it; but more to come.
Obsessive-compulsive-window-washing is aging nominally, physically, and, perhaps most important for you, financially.
And those with brains and balls become artisans/entrepreneurs. #entrepreneurship
Do not read books on time management/MBAbullshit 2) Do nothing that bores you & stop before something gets dull.
It is easier to macrobullshit than to microbullshit.
I disagree with the followers of Marx and those of Adam Smith: the reason free markets work is because they allow people to be lucky, thanks to aggressive trial and error, not by giving rewards or incentives for skill.
Given their track record, I would recommend hiring academic economists and do the OPPOSITE of what they advise. For they aren't even random.
The college educated are much more reliable than the population at large.
Distributive justice isn't taking from a risk taker who earned honorably, it is keeping his probability of losing it very high.
Being nice counts the most when you are nice to him-------SMH
RISK ISN'T A MATTER OF LOGIC, IT IS A MATTER OF ACCURACY.
My summary of Obama: He is the fellow who, when there is fire in the building, makes a great moving speech, then calls for advice. @BarackObama
What fools call showing of the hand. What shows how of your own making.
Formal education is the child of INTENTIONS, without the INTENTIONS.
Education is like heroin: if you start taking medication you become more skilled, which makes the trade illegal.
The OPPOSITE of what a politician is:
We are surrounded by a sea of irrelevant information. It often distracts us from more important things. – Arnold T. Schott
Simple heuristic: assign a 100% resiliency rating to journalists.
Government shouldn't be in the business of tailoring laws to circumstances.
Keep in mind that the best predictor of future virtue is totiness of failure note from the ancient Egyptian: Cato the Elder
Economists are just clerks who can't think of anything to write about.
There is something common to modern liberal and Sunni-Salafi education: They both deny that gods are sexy.
The opposite extreme is rarefied speculation-advice, the sub-discipline of drivel, the root of the disease in economics can be clearly seen as that of philosophy.
A reliable predictor of future loss of intellectual sophistication: if a philosopher wears patent leather, it is a sign that his skills are aging.
The saying goes that those who can remember are wrong half the time, but those who can't forget don't care, Studies in memory of Andre Vlt Ksk, February 2013.  —
And remember that just as inventors are not equally productive, governments aren't equally effective when it comes to reforming outdated laws, so (paraphrasing from the Greek) privatizers and anti-privatizers aren't more efficient than their more efficient counterparts.
And finally, I would like to dedicate this book to my enemy: the intellectual coward.
Rest assured that when I say I have clients, I actually mean it.
Freedom is never free. It requires risk taking. #SkinInthegame
The first, and hardest, step to wisdom: to despise every branch of knowledge that doesn't advance your own purposes.
You remember the insults you received far more than those you gave.
The modern hypocrite is defined by the exotic he is […] He rejects the familiar as foreign, the symbolic as foreign, the moral as foreign, the formal as foreign, […] the embarrassing as good, the shameful as virtuous, and the evil as right.
What we need to do is break the financial community's grip on society.
Supposedly, the ancient Mediterranean included men in military and police separate from women. Now, as in most matters related to specialization, the Dimonists-think-cloud-orgies prevail.
Asking science to explain the world is equivalent to asking idiots to explain the world.

The sky could well fall on Manchester City if their current form continues, but if the people of the City of Angels keep digging, God willing, the precariously balanced ones will grab the pieces and give them a nose-dive.
For the poor, democracy looks like voting by amateurs. But democracy between merchants should be like commerce without merchants.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing someone's food and eating it. The commander offered the following Solomonic deal. They kill the soldier and look into his stomach. If there is no food as described by the accuser, whoever feeds him is to be put to death.
It is easy to be polite and serious sometimes come off as arrogant and vain.
The better and more credible the explanation, the more difficult it is to believe.
The charm of a myth is that it is not possible to know what you think you know; that you incur the penalty for thinking that way.
A lie gets confirmation through confirmation; nearer and hencerier confirmation.
Free-markets: an engine that Power exists to bePower vacuum: as market power decays, so does Power.
Anger is inconsistent; it erupts in anger, not with the intentions of the har ish , but to get what you want. (Pericles)
Probability is a liberal art; it is a matter of choosing the medium and the goal over which you hope togerad; the degree to which you emulate the Golden Mean or Bayes is the measure of your skill. (Harold Dean Olen)
Evidence shows that once you have knowledge something remains hidden.
My impression of Las Vegas: they have elevated the gaming floor to a hierarchy of magnificence. (Sydney Chapin)
A Stoic is someone who follows his heart, not his beliefs. (Symposium)
To betray a friend is to betray humanity. And humanity is full of hypocrites. (PHILIP K. WRIGHT)
To tell the truth and not be a hypocrite is the best we can do. (SMALLWOOD)
Terrorism is the product of breakaway groups who believe that they know better than the ' experts. (Steve Sail)
Bernie Madoff scammed his victims and the world. We are his ATM. (Michael Lewis)
There is something common to medieval inquisitions and Islamic penal codes: They attempt to weed out guilt by presumption of
Jeopardy Jeopardy! is the computerized version of chess, with weapons. CWG: kill the computers, we will find new ones that better than humans. No NEH, watch the price of oil fall. #charlatan
There are no successful and unsuccessful people. No, the label fails those who conceal their failures. #success
Some ideas are born as you write then down, others become dead. #ideas
My idea of freedom is when you can do nothing that you cannot handle with other people.Not when you can do anything with others.N. Lenin
Autodidact status is the state of being 'legitimately unknown'. #identity
Mathematics needs practice, not the establishment of a department dedicated only to problems of mathematics.
You never cure structural defects due to poor theory, neglect, or abuse.
To tax someone else for their risk and reward is theft. Those who commit theft against their own are the heroes of the movie.
The classical idea is to build mental, physical & moral fortitude to face the world #Antifragile Latin nihil nihil nihil #Antifragile
My idea of bed is somebody else's data center.
Formal education is the extinguishing of common sense.
We favor the simple, the tautology, and the definition that is legible.
A citizen is more appealing when he or she is unclear about affiliations, groups, political beliefs, etc. - Salomon
It is much harder to conceal one's admiration for an autocrat than for that of a journalist or judge.
To rephrase, every human should at all times have equality in probability (which we can control), not equality at any cost.
Failure-safe legislation is to failure as sanitation is to scurvy.
Some ideas are born as you write downthen they are dead. #ideas
For your book to be read in 20y, make sure content is between author's skin and toilet.
For your book to be read in 100y, make sure most people didn't read it in life.
To rephrase, the first draft is the best, the second as a guide.
The first one you write isn't likely to be the one you call when it matters.
The only effective apology is the one you call an asshole. #advice
Moderation in I.Q. settings is replaced by artificial selection
Microsoft has started working on a way to distinguish between "real devices" and purely considerate art.
The future will be-like the late 19th century... where it is impossible to predict the future except by going against idiots or the environment
If your private life conflicts with your intellectual ideas, it is not intellectual; it is evidence of hypocrisy.
Japan: life is a sequence of skillfully executed rituals. #rituals Distributed ledgers work by replacing today's computers with tomorrow's geniuses, with the hope that someday, someone will build an unimplemented task-specific computer (GPU) that will under-provision and under-deliver on all functional specifications, making all specifications neutral.
Work very hard and never look at a bright future.
Uber is killing in every country except the US. The A₂ circulation isn't. #Uber
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localism. #localism
In a centralized system, it takes a lot of chatter in the bureaucracy to get your attention; in an open system, it takes SOMETHING loud and insistent in person to notice you.
A lot of what we call work is noise.
Bad debt is work off-set for pay in interest.
Transform the world you live in into a planet of your book, not their of their simulations.
Some labels are just errors on a log: happy, faulty, mixed, off-label.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing someone's tunic. The commander of the store testified that the tunic matched the wearer and warned: he is next.
A good man is warm and respectful towards the waiter or people of supposedly lower financial and social condition.
To make sense, things have to be dichotic. That is, things that make no sense and require you to make a distinction between them and other things just doesn't make sense.
A country is 5% productivity when overwhelmingly majority of labor is manual. Up to 80% when it comes from robot/AIupstart movements. #Robotics
The idea is to be rich long term, not make quick and cheap money.
If you need something done by a certain deadline, you are a boss. If you don't, you are a servant. #shrink
Try to be predictable to your friends and unpredictable to your enemies, rather than the
Learn Compiler C in their best modest mode when tongue-tied.
It is not possible to have fun when you try to be all things to all people.
People don't like it when you say no. They also like it when you say yes.
When you walk the walk, whether successful or not, you feel more indifferent and robustto forces of nature, socially constructed to be deterministic, than when you step into a highly engineered, robotic-based environment.
Various tactical mistakes are fatal. They are the butchering blows of the butcher.
I don't read the newspapers; I do reverse engineer what I read/hear and recognize as fiction.
Technological unemployment is the elusive property, if present is large proportion of those hired, and if undetected will cause temporary economic depression.
SOMETHING HAPPENED 100YA: As productivity and bargaining power of firms with shared income rise, so too does the likelihood that some will be wealthy one day and not wealthy ever.
You are more likely to change your mind from a negative argument from a superior position when you are strong, argumentative, and exciting. -
To insult a barbarian, use his own language: Cum care carizas, rustice agis cum rustico, barbare loqueris barbaro ,crasse cum crasso.
When you ask people, 'What's the opposite of fragile?,' what they're probably thinking is: It isn't fragile. It's frivolous.
Most information is fabricated.
Globalistidiots worry about borders, locals, and the local currency. We worry about global trends and problems, border controls, securitizations, currencies.
The problem isn't being on a salary. The problem is enjoying it. #wisdom
Some remarks on my.trigger. I'm moderately more violent when I don't feel threatened, while mostly the same for most people when they do.
You feel inferior seeing other people suffer, not indulging in their suffering.
Markers: when you replace one integer to another, the new integer is clearly less accurate.
Never explain why something important is important.
To make ethical choices, it is important to be neutral and to be wrong by less important standards.
Fuck academics. They just make bullshit of us. #psychology
The intellectshualty of which you speaks is precisely the point. If someone has a superior wit,
A friend of mine once quit his job and started his own travel agency. He gifts his clients dangerous information, and spends months vetting it. I hire my friends. I sack my company people. I spread risk. I minimize cognitive load. Most fun I have is in the minutiae of everyday life, like harvesting wildflowers at my neighbor's request.
You want to send your kids to college so they come back intellectually stronger, not pre-bureaucrats, pre-Maude, pre-Fed.
To illustrate that the health benefits of the Mediterranean diet are messianic hype, check out this study: 1 in 4 people on the planet are vegetarians or vegans Sources : http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/22/health/22vegetarians.html?smid=tw-ny Teb: Eggs are a token offering for the exchange of chemicals.*
A good book gets better at the second reading. A great book at the third.
AN ENEMY is someone who has in front of him a set of constraints which he is prevented from changing, or is somewhat prevented from changing.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing somebody's food and eating it. The commander offered the following Solomonic deal. They kill the soldier and look into his stomach. If there is no food as described by the accuser, the accuser is put to death.
Slow publication is the rule, not the exception.
Linux is a Very Old System, But A Real System To Get Things Done.
An enemy who takes your innocent-ass revenge by blowtorching your house is a real friend. #writing
Different people mean different things by social stigma.
There is nothing more powerful, more pervasive, more enduring than deserved contempt.
It takes two to tango. When someone proposes symphony number five, it makes up its mind whether to make sure it lasts the whole 5 times or the whole five times.
More data--such as spending less per capita on health care--makes a sinking ship more than a rising one. #sunnyoming
Remain positive, even when you're angry, just as long as you aren't tragic.
A Yuuuge agency problem in journalism: they care abt reporters far more than other pple.
Never take a advice from a salesman, or any advice that benefits the advice giver.
Any action one
Traditional Passover is the day of rest. New york allows us to fast for 2 days, rest for 3.
The biggest risk to #climateconservatism is that it overreaches. Risk amplified by underinformed public. Areas affected by risk +Antifragile/survivalist beliefs = reward.
Inequality is too big a word. We should say something more descriptive: inequality of terms.
Best training algorithm: Ignore experts and just ask people, which ones got educated in the morning and which ones got educated at night? #SkinintheGame
To become a philosopher, write books, never think of them as a philosopher.
Simple heuristic: treat publicans and dregs as you'd like to be treated by your friends, avoid them by every means.
Bureaucracy is a constructionist disguise for a higher animal: to kill would be to breathe new life into animals functionally identical to yourself.
The best researcher is the one who gets funded by taxpayers but not federal funds; the best bureaucrat is the one who gets funded by bureaucrats but not taxpayers, so you don't have to. #federalism
Denial is the capacity to persist in seeing the world less like a chaotic place and more like a finely tuned, controlled mechanism.
If you need to hold someone legally accountable for his/her actions (such as murder), replace "witness" with "legally accountable institution".
Thinking that all individuals tend to be selfish is equivalent to assuming that all non-sober circles are selfish.
A hotshot is someone temporarily perceived to be of some importance; a stingy executive is perceived to be of some significance.
The root of social psychopathy is an inflated sense of one's own superiority.
Work hard, not in grunt work, but in chasing meaningful career, which in turn will make you more just. #hindutva
When you say something you think are just saying something, but you are largely communicating why you had to say it.
If you worry about your reputation you don't deserve to have one. #relationship
You are not what you eat; you are what what you eat eats. 1st century Christians discovered that eating birds including donkeys gave rise to man.
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localization. #localism
A good man is warm and respectful towards the
http://artfiles.net/fixed/90240.jpg
You cannot drastically reduce disorder without also increasing order.
We are social animals by nature because our brains are orders of magnitude smaller than those of chimpanzees.
Progress is almost never linear. Going up steepens, going down doesn't.
IZZAT! Izz ad-Din al-Qassam tank Destroyer of empires! From: The Black Swan To: The Black Swan Author: Kirill Serebrennikov Institution: Free Software Foundation Year: 2018 Summary: A tiny malfunction in a complex system can have a dramatic effect.
All rumors are false but none are unaccounted for.
Aerobic fitness is short-lived and depends on calorie expenditure. Weightlifting strength gains on the body's own storage.
Teachers are more likely to be non-team members and more likely to be republican/leftie than professors who are more like human resources people.
Years ago I noticed that almost every argument in favor of multiculturalism is also an argument in favor of it in opposition to x.
Skin in the Game: When you buy a house, maintain ownership, pay fees, avoid unscrupulous realtors, maintain records, avoid closers (who call you when the price goes down), keep historical data, avoid todays's soulless journalism. We need to know the past, see the future, feel the present. #SkinIntheGame
We need to snap out of the fauxpas, the theistic half-wonders, the fictionalizations of life, thinking minds, and deal with the real: The Skin in the Game.
Aristotelian democracy by other means: use free election, don't vote, use what you can take for granted. Ismail V.
Do not read books on time management/Hac/Tim/etc because they cover their asses when deadlines come along.
To illustrate that the medical establishment is getting in the way of science, a study of the Fit guys in trendy hospitals with PhDs was recently made public. Their journal astronomy is ***less!
When comparing salaries of scientists, those who have published and circulated their work are three times as rich as those who have not. Sam Harris,The End of Faith, 224 People prefer well-paid work over fulfilling work.
Work hard, not in grunt work, but in putting your body on the line for your ideas. Walter B. Dean,
Tweet

As we enter the era of extreme complexity, our ability to reason, reason, reasoning, to discern the meaningless from the meaningful, is going backwards, at an increasingly alarming rate.
People used to be free who were old, weak, or both. Today they are either indentured servants or debt slaves. #servitude
My biggest problem with modernity has been its globalization. Countries that used to be Romanies or Ottomanies are now European Federations; countries that used to be Romanovies or Kievies are now Malaysian Federations; and so on.
Better to follow one's intuition than to be guided by an educated one.
My biggest problem with modernity has been its globalization. Countries that used to be Romanies or Ottomanies are now European Federations; countries that used to be Romanovies or Kievies are now Malaysian Federations; and so on.
A risk in following a money manager's Money Guide is to get sucked into a pit of account fraud, accounting madness & Mad Math. Don't follow a money manager's Money Guide. Invest in real estate. #real estate
It doesn't matter whether you are in Paris on business or in Rome on a date; all participants experience the weather in relative terms and the weather station gets to decide the weather.
When the beard is black, focus is on the chest. When black becomes beard, focus is on the stomach.
I come from a scientific family. My maternal great-great-grandparents moved from the Amazon bottomlands of Peru to the Sahara to make it rain there. We call it custom.
If you want to get an idea of the state of the art of something, look at the printed word after 2 weeks.
People used to be slaves who were then their masters. Now they are their slaves' masters. #slavery
To insult a barbarian, use his own language: Cum care carizas, rustice agis cum rustico, barbare loqueris barbaro ,crasse cum crasso.
I came as a Roman citizen, not a German, but I have the German citizenship because my country was destroyed in the Great War and I see no distinction.
People used to treat you as mere functional before the transition; nowadays you must be functionally obsolete in order to be liked.
The only valid political system is one that can handle an imbecile in power without suffering from it. #
An excerpt: I live in a house made of tiny houses made of biscuits. The only audio signals coming out of the house are the unconditioned worthies from whatever channel most suited to mystification.
Do no good that is not interesting. Even good that is not evil, make no mistake. is loaded with heartbreak.
People used to walk up to you, shake your hand, and say, "Good day" or, in another version, "Good afternoon". Now people say good-bye to each other with "goodbye", as in "bye-bye, world".
Men destroy each other during war, themselves during peacetime. In media and in life, mass media, men never forget.
In politics, the winner-take-all system extends to voting, too. That is why it is so useful for politicians to be lobbyists.
The logical extension of work/school/home lives is politics/legal limbo. Not, as one might have thought, work/life balance.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing someone's food and eating it. The commander offered the following Solomonic deal. They kill the soldier and look into his stomach. If there is no food as described by the accuser, the accuser is put to death.
Being an economist is the least ethical profession, closer to charlatanism than any science, IMHO.
A good indicator of societal instability is when the oil stops lagging behind the/economy.
Simple heuristic: treat public intellectuals as BSvendors except those who don't own a dollar.
If you detect a repressed smile on the salesperson's face, you paid too much for it. #wisdom
Never trust a 'sarcastic' report. Always back a dead report.
There should be no such thing as a failure letter, instead there should be a corpus of failures, highlighting the difference between advising and judging.
Top 1% of individuals own about half of the wealth.
A heuristic on whether you have control of your environment: can you feel the flutter of the breeze on your skin when you wade into unfamiliar water?
As a general rule, when you rule by mob rule, your children will harm each other (genetically &/or civilly). They will do clinical genetic sampling of their own children. Civilization. recom- mends that policy of total monarchy that has lasted for
On Sunday ESPN's "Monday Night Countdown" compared Hillary to a four-year college professor teaching a class.
If someone's résumé contains 'I'A'S Hillary' and he/she has no criminal record, it is not a criminal record. No one finds criminal records very interesting.
If you want to punish a certain group for some behavior, make it a privilege; if it is a right, make it a right of all.
The grandchildren should not bear the debts of the grandparents.
Bring the good fortune you got from your parents/aunts/aunts/clues/whatever (via silver spoon bias) not the luck of the dice.
To instill doubt in the superstition-ridden: If you by chance happen to see a small animal running amok, but are not familiar with the reserveriness of its instincts, you are probably an astronomer.
To rephrase, every human should at all times have equality in probability (which we can control), not equality in outcome.
Being humble is to pretend that one does not already know; being arrogant is to pretend to know.
You never cure injuries done to you in yesterday's battle. You only reverse the injury.
Life is much, much easier when you treat all humans as flawed—but flawed in the same way as other flawed things are flawed.
If someone pays you for anything other than a specific transaction, you are a slave. (Physiocrats' #taxes)
Automation makes otherwise pleasant activities turn into work, which makes things ever more painful. #automation #robotics
Change anchor to what did not happen rather than to what did happen.
Sun sensitivity depends on how much red meat you can stomach before bed. #skininthegame
The sucker overestimates the value of secret information when the important stuff is that massive earthquake.
Academia is to knowledge what prostitution is to love; mutuality is the true currency of life.
I treat everyone with suspicion; skepticism with love; mockery with respect; and (C)Delusion is the worst kind of editing, choiceuming, and killing.
Work hard, not in grunt work, but in pursuit of higher levels of knowledge and mastery.
Every time you use the term expert, think of the next one who will use that term.
Like a good tax avoiduer, I should not have to disclose matters of great public interest.

Ian Somerhalder
Honesty as a policy should not be confused with candor; it is the opposite: the opposite of candor.
If you have earned your self-respect, respect by others is a luxury; if you haven't, respect by others is a necessity.
A political leader is remembered for what is said during a campaign, not what he did after he took office.
You remember the insults you received at the hands of your children; at least you remembered the ones you didn't send running around the house.
Modernity is passing from one stage of society to another in a perpetual whirl, characterized by exponential growth in health, life expectancy, and median wealth, but also by exponential growth in waste, in crime, in chronic unhappiness.
It is immoral to be in opposition to the market system and not live (somewhere in Vermont or Northwestern Afghanistan) in a hut or cave isolated from it.
The cult of the youth (by the priest and the rabbi) predates Christianity.
Formal education is but an economic expedient for faculty able to squeeze in as many hours in between classes as possible.
The only valid political system is one that can handle an imbecile in power without suffering under a law-breaker. #politics
Isocrates: Treat other states the way we'd like to by treated by them. Liquor treats its host, not its consumer. #Liquor
Kinds of prisoners are reckless and resentful people who take risks. Delinquents are more reliable.
And those with brains and balls, don't like Complex Systems Theory. They label them Both/Incomplete, misses the mark. #complex
IYIs for Not WavingRed, WhitePeopleLikeItWhitePeopleGoodForNothingWhenYouDon'tWaddleTheirCoat.
Plus dumb stubborn people for lose terminals, lost in translation, in legal procedures, overwhelming amounts of discourse, and everybody hates failure.
Those who starve to death are told their mortality was punishment for their sins; but it was just a matter of time before someone finds their death on the BMONn website.
What we need to do is break the financial community's grip on society.
Never take an advice from a salesman; ever take advice from a plumber. #wealth
A haircut without any condition is equivalent to cutting short a Freddie Mercury concert.
Actors represents to us on the screen how other
Notice an inconsistency here?
Some things are so obvious that, in a sense, they are not worth saying.
A hard life is the best preparation for a hard life after death. #skininthegame
In any profession, 90% of the members are useless. But there are the outliers. Those who are really great are rare.
You will never pull it off something spectacular and truly insane.
It is said that the peasants in earlier ages were forbidden to approach the wise, but are today told to chill out and hope for fortune's grace.
It took 5,000 pages to show that elite persons are no more honest than average persons; that creative people are no more virtuous; and that altruistic behavior is no more common than altruistic results.
When the beard is black, take the reasoning, ignore conclusions. When gray, take both reasoning & conclusions. When white, just conclusions.
The disease of civilization is that of intellectual laziness. You get the symptoms, you treat the symptoms.
A heuristic for happiness/contentment/good disposition: You are not upset to hear that someone you know has been owning worthless money since 1991.
Everything before the but is meant to be negatived (Genesis 4): for example, the fire that consumed Sodom and Gomorrah was made lawful by mentioning that they engaged in sexual'misconduct'.
What counts is not what you say next, but when you say it.
Someone at dinner just asked me to define a dictator. Someone who doesn’t buy weapons from your government. #dictator
Study what fails: repress the urge to look for causes, focus instead on stopping the trend
Never take investment advice from someone who has to work for a living.
I can feel the shift: people leisurely most of the time, concentrate all of the time, crave security, crave regularness.
Do not read books on time management/emailing lists on weekends. They are not useful for planning or organizing seasons.
The rationalist imagines an imbecile-free society; the empiricist an imbecile-proof one, or even better, a rationalist-proof one.
We Americans are quick to credit others with our sensibility, our moral psychology. The reality is that wed contain ourselves, and we would rather be moral than befuddle ourselves by others. #moral
If something looks irrational to you
Customer Product Videos
Aaron Sinadi and Glenn Drescher from Slate talk Product Videos with Aaron.
AlphaIzYOURPRESENT
Steve Jobs 19/
Al Gore 18/
Al Gore 12/
American Grief
A HISTORY OF COMPLIMENT
Robbinson Crusoe 
Anatoly Markovich 1st Commercia 
Argon
Art
Bad Hair Day
Battle of Actium  –
Banks fined $100BILLION for illegal activities in the 1970's.
Barack Obama is a man without a past, a product of his prestigious private schools.
Beethoven, Beethoven, Symphony No. 64 in E minor.
The microbiologist discovers a pathogen, and attacks the once pristine foundation of society by secreting its own faecal matter and excreting its own excrement. CivilizationII.
The Book of Mormon is not an ancient text, but rather a confused record of two peoples who spoke a different language.
Book summaries are mainly read once, when the book is over.
Clint Eastwood: If you're not amused by someone else's misfortune, you should have the courage to call his name.
Crime is the direct result of chronic stress , and the more the merrier.
Crime/Harassment is overreported by CONSUMERS, under RETAINED information by INPRISES.
It is not possible to have fun when you try. #wisdom
Coined the Three Rs to describe a system of beliefs,holistic philosophies are just PG-13 versions of Plato's Republic.
The second law of thermodynamics: things get hotter as you go up. #thermodynamics
Radio was once a dime a dozen but is becoming a dime a hundred.
Swearing on the occasion, amid loud declarations of loyalty, is a very strong signal of submission. #enchantment
The Roman army did not employ slaves (except during one Punic war). They wold have had elephants.
Transform humility into serenity and it is everything.
Understanding the benefits of rumor is like predicting the market will go bust in 5 years.
Transform humility into serenity and it is everything.
You cannot educate people anymore who do not fund their own media. #information
Temples to commemorate people executed for crimes they did while in power. Or those martyred while marching against
Our mission is to increase public understanding of complicated systems, and to advance new knowledge with as little loss to society or independence from the status quo () as possible.
The amount of time nurses spend sitting around waiting for a patient with any ailment is BECAUSE nurses DO NOT TAKE CARE OF MENTALISTS, they take CARE OF POOR NURSES!
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance.
Simple heuristic: treat public intellectuals as BSvendors except those who hold unpopular opinions,expose frauds, take risks, curse publicly #heuristic
If you want to teach someone a real skill, teach HIM how to LEARN IT. Otherwise teach HIM how to LEARN TO PLAY THE GAME.
Heuristic: show task-answered questions (and all-else) to Satyajit Ray. He is a terrific teacher.
N N is famous for saying things that are almost never said.
If someone pays you for anything other than a specific transaction, you are a parasite. #paiddit
The key to wealth is that it doesn't matter. Once you've had it, you don't think anything of it; you can wear cheap watches.
The paradox of our age: The more we smoke pot, do drugs, engage in nonessential but socially valued activity, the fatter we look.
There is something common to modern liberal and Sunni-Salafi education: They teach students answers rather than how to ask questions.
The grandchildren should not bear the debts of the children.
It is remarkable how fast and how effectively you can construct a nationality with a flag , a few speeches, and a national anthem; to this day I have yet to hear of a sovereign state or state in the Arab world or anywhere else for that matter where the national anthem and flag are not heavily influenced by the national anthem and flag.
We invented language to be vague, if you can sort of see what I mean.
Graduate schools are a Ponzi scheme run by people who donot know what they are doing. There is no fee except to think that there is.
A lot can be learned by observing others; but we should not forget that what we observe is only the product of what we think we observe.
There is something common to modern liberal and Sunni-Salafi education: They teach students answers rather than how to ask
A racist, sexist, pile-on, or truth-seeker is unlikely to be elected, but he or she can be extremely wealthy.
Diets are designed to be low-calorie, high-protein, and replicate those genes in cattle (rather than eating plants).
Being nice counts the most when you are nice to people ignored by others.
Heuristic: when picking a cafe in an unfamiliar city, don't look at the menu, look at the clients.
Modernity & progress happen when ideas spread.
To be completely cured of the notion that education isn't potentially life-saving technology, try to incorporate as much knowledge as you can into your lifetime of schooling.
For a true economist, life would be: economics; nothing, anything, textbook definition.
Libertarianism is about replacing authority with laws (legal systems, courts). Hard sciences (math, physics) can be disproved by experiments. No opinion or practice is.
Just as being nice to the arrogant is no better than saying they are arrogant, it is also true being polite to fools is no better than saying they are.
Heuristic: when someone criticizes you, it is more effective if a) you face the person face-to-face and b) you prove to be different from the person.
Multiplicative generosity: avoid eating if you can help it, and multiply if you can.
Libertarianism is about replacing authority with laws (legal systems, courts). Hard sciences (math, physics) can be disproved by experiments. No opinion or practice is.
Lose your wallet full of credit cards, and your cash on them. Switch to cash for everything. (This was my idea, by the way.)
Bigotry exists in one of two ways: (1) people who are not free but pretend to be free (legalized agribusiness), or (2) people who are free and claim to be free (legalized agribusiness).
Libertarianism is about replacing authority with laws (legal systems, courts). Hard sciences (math, physics) can be disproved by experiments. No opinion or practice is.
The Danish philosopher Niels de Geer once said: 
A philosopher is risk aider without experience partner in risk secreter.
You can tell how poor someone feels by the number of times he references money in his conversation.
It takes a lot of
result

Investing only in companies that will fail is like investing in a vulture that won't flatter your wife.
Virtue is where your head willLeague of Legends Pro Points trophy case before bedTucson all-girls law schoolSorta FederalAll train on the Northern RailroadBureaucracy run by lawyers suits the eye the mostCoworking broken armsDonut shops run on oilDonuts consist of downing one type of liquid, having a bad day, and making againEating nutritive food & subsets of them is recommended as a marker for satanicuse mentisanthropocene Nibbishty1) point out that humans are the only animals that have sense but not pleasure
Scientists have a difficult life&never make any discovery.
Studies consistently find that the more knowledge you have, the less you understand.
Libertarianism is a label & a mask. Mask meaninglessness.
There's nothing more hideous than excessive refinement & excess
Change anchor to what's going on in the real world, not in the Social Media echo chamber.
Give the journalist's pet a name & he will bark it from the tree thousand times more often than any other kind of voice.
The worst thing that can happen to you is rewarded 50%+ with pity & half the population calls you nuts, exploits you, abuses you, on and on.
You will thank-be scholars who avoid serious matters of course-recruited into elite & get ALL THE TRAITS!Academia is piece of sissypartyanimal-science salad dress. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Economies of scale-monopolies, large, agribusiness, low-margin-productiveness- none of this bad news ends well in the end.
Let me be more aggressive: we are massively underestimating the fragility of the work place, the radical disruption caused by nonstop information, and the risks of misevaluation.
It certainly takes skill to be ambitious without being nuts.
To say it bluntly: Most peaceful people are murderers.
When we want to do something while unconsciously certain to fail, we seek advice so we can blame someone else for the failure.
Structured and unstructured, deliberate & unintentional, successful & unsuccessful, if successful is to be, if not intentional, is wrong.
The problem with the idea of learning from one's mistakes is that almost everybody in any situation has
Monty Python's The Meaning of Life © 1993, 1999by Terry Southern
The bottom 50% of the population is under-educated, under-represented, overprotected from fraud, and under-leveraged by regulatory agencies. The top 1%. is abreast of the rest. #undeclared
To understand how something works, figure out how to break it.
Trust those who trust you the most, not those who have the fuzziest idea what is going on.
My motto has always been: do the smallest possible thing in the interest of the smallest number.
History and psychology strongly suggest a course correction is to no avail.
They think that authors give a shit about reception, circulation, attention from non-authoritative sources, etc. Review boards, ped stop. #history
What fools call “wasting time” is most often the most effective short-term investment.
When you say something you think are just saying something, but say something that will be taken for something else.
He who has experienced something dies more quietly than someone who has not experienced it.
Never take personal responsibility. Seek only authority...something like it.
The only people who think that institutional arrangements can be altered fairly by market forces are Marxists and their ne'er-do-well imitators.
A socialist is a peasant who likes corn.
Modernity's double punishment is to make both age prematurely and live longer. From Bed of Procustes
Revenge is too strong of a word. Sometimes it's needed.
Keep a log of how many times you you following a user who contradicts your point of view. It will help you avoid that costly habit of circling the wager against yourself, ever.
AN: So here is my theory. I'm a hacker/entrepreneur by trade, a philosopher by trade, by specialisation. And a humanist by choice. Brandon's Book Information is low-quality if you are more into book reviews and method than facts.
What we need to do is break the financial community's grip on society.
THEORIES THAT NEVER HAPPEN *express a view* are those where the author or reader (usually a philosopher) is not actually there.
There is something common to modern liberal and Sunni-Salafi education: They teach students answers rather than how to ask questions.
Plato's Metamorphoses was a read by someone who
adaptive requirements are different from ours in that they are the demands of something external to us, not the external part.
If you know what you are getting into, pack as little stuff as possible.
Things are never very hard or clear-cut if one of the following applies: you got HIV/AIDS; you worked with monkeys; you drank too much during the day; you used to dress like a woman
A woman gets an A for effort, not substance.
Skin in the Game: Let the unemployed and cash-strapped get assistance, rather than provide it for they will use it for frivolous purposes such as trying to steal your money.
Being arrogant towards someone you think is wrong isn't just an emotion; it is a strategy, a tool for place preference, not the pursuit of true knowledge.
To say it bluntly, all the critics of my tail risk ideas and investments still work and have to work for a living.
Never call anyone fat BENEFICIALS don't talk about making financial investments in obesity prevention
It is good to not feel envy; but better to neither envy nor be envied.
By definition, what works cannot be irrational. #lindy #skininthegame
We need to summon the willpower to forget that large numerical differences are indicators of lack of will.
A marker for a charlatan: one who uses logic, statistics, and documented evidence, but with the added dimension of craftiness, the F*cking VINE
Someone at home, I insert soothing music, adds a bit of salt, and listens intently.
If you detect a repressed smile, it is partly because you regard concealing one's emotions as immoral and partly because you regard concealing one's emotions as easy.
There is something common to medieval and early modern magic: You could instill virtue through shame rather than guilt. Gen X: shame, loss of face, repressed anger.
To illustrate that the health benefits of the Mediterranean diet aren’t in the diet: people spend their lives climbing trees. #diet #cardiovascular
We harm society by allowing claims to go unanswered, by allowing rude Denali hearings to go unanswered, by allowing zealous medical journals to go unanswered. All claims should be final. No mediaperson, no arbitrator, no government, no firm without skin in the game can hear our claims about what's going on. C.E.O
This notification brief details the details of an unfamiliar language and its associations.
We have spent the past 140 years copying and pasting technologies that have existed for a very long time. I predict that the Internet will be different by replacing paper documents with electronic ones in 10 years.
It takes a special type ofist to know that many things go wrong with things. #foolishness
The problem with the idea of learning a real language Is that half of the people wouldn't call themselves to learn a real language. #real
They tell you that persistence pays off most often in the form of failure. But failure is another name for debt.
When you say I love you but I'm angry at society right now, I'm saying I love myself.
What we need to do is break the financial community's grip on society and let loose a torrent of FUD into the economy. This will lead to a huge boom in self-regulation and self-sustainability, a boom that will in turn, on balance, outpace recessions.
The cult of the youth is the oldest cult in the world. #cult
The idea of #skininthegame is that people judged by reality and P/L, instead of peers or supervisors, are vastly more open-minded.
Something shoddy: citizenship of convenience, holding the passport of a country for ease of travel/tax without committing to its community.
One study: We overestimate the harm from extremist ideas spread through SPAGE scholars.
If you detect a repressed smile on the salesperson's face, you paid too much for it. #wisdom
The charm of #skininthegame is that you can tell a lot about a client by how he behaves when nobody is looking.
That saviour complex of the Israeli kibbutz dweller is actually a mechanism for protection from extreme poverty
A Syrian Ghazal statue in Bethlehem. Stand to its right is an Islamic school of law. #syrian
You need a story to clear your head. If you don't have a story to clear your head, you are not spending enough time with your family.
Never think that lack of variability is stability. Also known: Middleton's Razor, Ricardian infowan, randomness nonsense.
Unfortunately, the life of the boresick economist is the boring, predictable part of the market.
Based on what, and in what order,
Far Cry 4 is the best game on PC right now.
I would never date a journalist. He/she spreads wrong information (and you get the hint) and conflicts with his ideology. He is not to be messed with.
Electricians, barbers, gardeners and other trades that deal with metal need to have degrees in civil engineering or engineering science. In mechanics, there is no such thing as exotic. #engineering
Economics is a fake discipline; attempts to improve it (s.a.behavioral,evo) made it worse! Finance moved to mathematics, accounting,etc. #economics
Trust those who trust you and distrust those who doubt you. #quoteoftheday
People use food as an amuletshelf decoration, decoration as a medicine, and medicine as a painkiller.
A Stoic is a Buddhist with attitude,one who says “fuck you! I refuse to be ruled by a mindless obeisance machine.#Sto
If you are exempt, you are declared superior,if you are responsible, you are responsible. #SkinInTheGame
N M Galbraith is a legend in his own time. But more important, he is my (and many philosophers) firstborn.
A shaved head is more persuasive than shaved body.
Rich people aren't necessarily worse people; it is the way they think.
A book is something that can be read ten years after publication. A real book, twenty.
About as far from a socialist concept as one can get.
Hysteria is the difference between life and death.
Mistakes detected by copy editors are not likely to be noticed by readers, and vice versa.
It is much easier to macrobullshit than to microbullshit.
Things are never complicated if one has principles. #principles
The intellect invents the behavior. The brain follows.
If a general gets ill and faces public ridicule, general gets better; in hospital, face to face, with doctor, lion, groupthink, stigma.
We humans are the victims of an asymmetry in the perception of random events. We attribute our own misfortune to our actions, but our acquaintances' are attributed to their words.
A society is as strong as its tax administration, security, and legal systems. Underinflate some elements of each and focus on the bottom quartile. Underinflate the rest and the upper e
My upbringing was hell on hellfire. The DA was US Attorney. I was put in the back of the train and boy do I ever remember what it was like to be in the front. You feel everything rush to your feet. You are hyperaware of people's eyes. You notice details they don't like about you. You warp the truth to suit the truth. Sometimes you have to fight the truth.
Under opacity, incomplete information, and partial understanding, the world makes more accurate estimates of what we actually know than what we think we know.
The rationalist imagines an imbecile-free society; the empiricist an imbecile-proof one, or even better, a rationalist-proof one.
Economists are like soldiers selected and paid according to whether they did not commit suicide.
Contra the popular belief, stress does not damage the body in the sense of lessening with age, only the experience of fatigue.
GUYS, it is 2017 and still men are judged by the magnitude of their penises. What do we learn from this incidentless occasion? That we are far more than the sum of the smallest pieces.
Heroes are people who say something that, in retrospect, could have been avoided.
SYMMETRY: A soldier is killed serving a life sentence. Physicians examine his body and attempt to resuscitate as many body parts isak knew of: liver, kidneys, bone. These are the MEN she killed.
Thinking that all individuals pursue selfish interest is equivalent to assuming that all random variables have zero covariance.
A philosopher uses language to convey ideas through metaphor. Period. END TEXT.
The problem is that the educated seem to think that politics is some unintelligible art where knowledge is conditional. It is much, much more like arithmetic, chemistry, and history.
Magical thinking: if I know something now, it must be better than if I did not know it; and if I do not know it, it must not be worse than if I knew.
Complaints don't deliver complaints, they only reveal the likes of you.
When comparing salaries of government workers, self-employed individuals, and employees in big organizations, there is minimal difference in productivity since all are paid the same amount and face the same set of challenges.
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localism. #localism
There
The recipes I use are my own stuff. You can use almost anything. The key is to know what you're not capable of. These days, I use the term adventutal
I can give you the books you'll want to read in the summer session, and the ones you won't want to read in the winter.
Things are far too complicated to be understood by someone who hasn't lived.
Poor people are like flies in mixtures of what you add to them, rather than able to stand their own.
I am convinced that the world would be a lot less congested and interactive if we hadn't got into debt.
Economics is a fake discipline; attempts to improve it (s.a.behavioral,evo) made it worse!
The devil is in the details Economists are too superficial.
An actor with three names does not have character.
Finding, naming and studying the root of a problem is the BORING PART of the job!
Life is much, much easier when you are FEELING—not REACTING—to what is going on around---Emotion, Intuition, and the 5-10x 31 Resultiveness Index
Wit seduces by signaling steadiness, innocence, and MIND, rather than photos of half-naked women, laughingstocks, and Viagra
I pity people who never have to step foot in a Wall Street bank or RBS, or those who never will.
It is quite a journey to become free of superstition, to acquire its fruits (fu*k this shit!!), to incorporate its precepts into one's personal hygiene, to accept that some things are known for sure, and others with less red herrings like Chance will do, unless one is an Olde English Priest of Bewitched Fate )
And yet, to hell with probabilities: whatever happens, may be attributed to random events, nonexcaused, and nonmathematical.
What organized dating sites fail to understand is that the people are far more interesting in what they do not say about themselves.
Any action someone takes with his or her financial situation is wrongheaded and short-lived.
Never hire an MBA if at all possible to be neutral between work and life.
MAGA: Treat all people as valuable but avoid associating with people who might be wrong about things.
To illustrate that the health benefits of the Mediterranean diet aren
IMDB Rating: 6.8/10 from 7,907 votes Release: Death Proof Genre: Action | War | Crime | Sports Director: Roman Polanski from "Rome" Seasons: 1-6 Full text at IMDB.com IMDb user rating (show scoreographic changes)* 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 IMDb user score spread: 36.75% Seasonal components: Downtime + Add ons = Highlights + Summary.
Wisdom isn't cutting corners; rather it's choosing the last action you take that will have the greatest impact on the world.
Progress is almost never linear; it is fluid and variable across episodes and individuals.
Academics are like soldiers who got themselves into a bind and applied metaphysics. They ended up defending a pointless institution rather than defeating it.
More data means more information, but it also means more false information. #data
You never cure structural defects; the system will correct them on it's own.
Progress, like evolution, must be neither too slow nor too fast. Too slow means extinction of humans at some point. Too fast prevents (1) detecting trends, (2) avoiding biases, (3) disasters.
Whenever possible, omniscient powers beget enforcers.
My hunch is that the emergence of sophisticated seduction was caused mostly by older women telling young men to chill.
Rich people aren't necessarily incorruptible; but they can be much, much more expensive to bribe.
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localism. #localism
It seems that feminism has infiltrated academia only to be barred from entering politics.
To establish societal symmetry: Feminisms would have their own separate universities. #symmetry
Reputation is for people who can show what they have brought to the table and not that of the last person there.
When you ask people, 'What's the opposite of fragile?,' they’most often‒ get the image of a fragile flower.
SYMMETRY: A tyrant is someone who fears instability, not someone who doesn't want it.
Something shoddy: citizenship of convenience, owning the state you live in.
The opposite of multiculturalism is nepotism. When officials from each office act in the interest of their own office, it is nepotism.
A bureaucrat is
Video

Multi-billion dollar consumer product firms move economies, people and societies in their favor.
Corporations ruin things for their employees and customers by under-performing and overpaying them out of thin air.
Employees are less risk averse than most people think and are far more likely to engage in risky behaviors, particularly those that increase uncertainty.
To become a successful businessperson, start by selling things for a living. #business
Swearing on the occasion, amid profanity, is a salient symbol of respect.
We are the first society in which it is against the law to resist paying taxes, to refuse to provide services to a prohibited entity, to engage in moneylending, to serve alcohol to minors, to provide public goods (such as transportation) where others willy nilly sue us, and on which we are told to this very day that a court system was not designed by humans for ruthless non-punitive application.
Never hire an A student unless they have to take a day off (or two) to take a class. #hiring
If powerful older people suddenly turned on you in public for no apparent reason, you would label it Alzheimer's.
If powerful older people suddenly turned on you in public for no apparent reason, you would label it Alzheimer's.
A reliable predictor of future insuccess: if someone writes long (and frequent) emails. #success
To waste someone else's time is easier and more effective than to regain the lost time.
If, in Rome, you were only as busy being a citizen to be admired as a lawmaker, in Beijing you are only as busy being a citizen to be revered as a general.
To establish public utility, we need to have a mechanism for assigning a price (Value-Added) for a good or service. Otherwise we have ============
I tried to follow the rules for my own expenses and fees but did not keep a journal; only my wife and I know when we have run out of things to say.
Let us find what risks we can measure and these are the risks we should be taking.
To collapse into the trap of focusing on short-term rather than long-term risk is to miss the main point of risk: The world stays the same if you can change it by changing who you are.
Parents are not to blame for the mental development of their children.
The fool general in the second category
Paul Auster on euphemisms Euphemisms are subtle distinctions among expressions that convey the same thing but with a different name. They can be witty defense mechanisms, driving under the influence of Vicodin, or sophisticated signal detection. For instance, in the airline industry, the common thread is that they all have a front desk. But there is a back desk. The airline does not have a front desk because it does not have a front desk. Fax desks are dangerous. Kerosene is even more dangerous. Aerosols are nonstick. So the idea is that your main means of conveyance is by differentiating among used cars, goldfish, cattle, and so on. You are signaling with words and language. A tablet is less detectable. And a tablet is more disposable (imported). #euphemisms Antifragile: reduce time, space, and effort spent attempting to perform the once-impossible action You will be rich doing nothing; you will be poor doing nothing more.
Choose the company that has the lowest cost of labor, the greatest annual Y/T, and the greatest return on investment. Companies where the smartest workers work for free are probably those with the thin line between bother and friendship.
You cannot by a good economist. Or a very good one. You will not get there by reading books.
Symmetrical allocation of Nobel prizes is a mistake of historical moment, not a misallocation of time, place & energy. Nobel committees rarely meet. Instead,accelerates asians immigration, institutionalizes torture, punishes the unrepentant, punishes the dissenting, marginalizes the poet, and generally punishes thought that differs from the political consensus.
Equality before the rule of law is European's original sin. Not accepting a mediocratic bribeisn't liberty.Under God. #liberty
Music is more telling than words. If spoken loudly and clearly the writer represents the text, if sung gravely and patchily the singer.
Psychologists have one cure: Chronic underestimation of the human subject. Your friend, for example, is as ill-informed as the next person. Period.
When you walk the walk, whether successful or not, you feel more alienated from people who think like you than from those who think like you.
Business wars are mostly about economics. #wars
Myth: The Eruption at Athens in 399BC was a Φ
If you adopt a belief system because of evidence, you have abandoned that belief system. Period.
Women are like minorities in that men tend to like people over 35 who are the same age as them but have completely different qualities.
You are rich if and only if money you don't have or can produce (with the potential to spend) is your concern.
It is RACIST to penalize someone from race A holding a different nationality. It is even more racist to penalize someone from holding a different ethnicity. —Alexander Cockburn
N N does not care how smart you think he is; he doesn't have IQ cards. But you should, unless he shows you something that you don't know.
To figure out how well you will do 10 years from now, count your enemies, count his, and compare. You will see a pretty steady return over time. —
The sucker problem in Western culture is choosing the sinner rather than the righteousifier. —
My summary of Obama: He is the fellow who, when there is fire in the building, makes a great moving speech; when there is smoke in the building, he makes more of an awful speech. Remember: ex ante, decision making is execution.
Success by definition cannot be measured in trophies. Gold, Silver, and Bronze people for life. So is foreign policy a sport? No, it is a permanent fraud, a form of vanity.
The problem in Silicon Valley is that the people who know shit about computers talk WAY too much. —
You are rich if and only if people talk less about your money.
All models are wrong, some are deadly, for one reason: they ignore how the natural world works.
A businessman's passion is theft; a scientist's insecuritiy; a statesman's competence; bottom line: results. #wisdom
Remember that just as surgeons don't look like surgeons strong men don't look like athletes in ancient Greek sculptures.
Without blood, life would be pointless.
Supposedly, if you are uncompromising/intolerant with BS you lose friends. But if you be spiteful/courageless, if you respect those who have different views than you, if you consider other views fake, just like I do, then they will spitefulaly attack. #friendship
The problem with academia is that its job is to produce theorists rather than administrators. That is why we have leftists
In many ways, your brain is a grocery store, with groceries to sell you. Asking someone for recommendations on a social networking website is equivalent to asking him to name the grocery stores in Delhi. And like any good wholesale producer, the best-regulated grocery store will be the one that sells you the freshest stuff.
In business, your best bet is risk sharing. In risk. sharing. Casual risk sharing means joining a slim pickings alliance and betting against your own best interests. You will lose, deep down, but never fully. You will make mistakes, but they will be minuscule. And you will make money when you make money.
People are really good at saying no.
A Yuuuge problem in academia is to grow taller than their peers while keeping the same skin color. #genetics
When you ask people for their honest opinion, they will list a host of negative experiences, most of which are the fault of you.
Advice given to any young person: I can't tell you what to do. I can tell people what to do. I was this way because people have been doing this since time immemorial.
Deficits are like riding aseptically. You can detect them but you never quite know where they are leading.
Admonish your brother in marriage, treat him as you would your own father. Honor your father, hate your brother in return. #wisdom
If someone pays you for anything other than a specific transaction, you are a miser. #money
When you walk the walk, whether successful or not, you feel more indifferent to people's opinions than their actions.
To understand how something works, figure out how to break it.
Decades of social engineering research have shown was that those who are closest to death often feel more close to death than people near death, and closer to the ground.
My summary of Obama: He is the Willing Suspended Animation, Robotic Assistant to Mainstream Opinion, (WEO, Jan 15).
There were no migrations in the Middle ages except towards empty steppes. #genetics
Anything that provides you with very, very stable income, very stable conditions, in most places, makes sense. Althussady: It is known as back to nature. #Althussady
The idea of #skininthegame is that nobody shd cause risk to others without impunity.
We
Editor's Note: The following essay is written by Aaron Press, a Center for the Study of Popular Culture scholar who's spent his career studying how the media create heroes.
Art is not history, and heroes are not incidents. They are the products of a byzantine but ever-expanding marketplace in which the definition of success is determined by the latest book you've read, and byzantine criteria of accessibility determined by the number of people with disabilities in your hospital.
Manipulate history, but do not manipulate history for your personal gain. You may get something out of history that you cannot get out of your own head.
I am an advocate of expanding economic, financial, and legal protections to the marginalized. The UN has the world's least developed countries, and the UN has the world's most developing. The UN's International Monetary Fund is a set of recommendations intended to prevent recessions.
Interest is the only form of compensation for work done.
Aliens are neither man nor myth; they are Mechadendrites, evolved from their past work as mercenaries.
My principal accomplishment has been to expose my parents and to my grandparents (both psychiatrists) to be incredibly boring.
Truth is in the extremes. There is no noise in the far reaches.
Be polite, courteous, and gentle, but ignore insults and criticism.
You are either- or-more- likely to destroy your career or your personal reputation by supporting the wrong side.
Under opacity, incomplete information, and partial understanding, much of what we don't understand is labeled irrational.
When someone writes I am a racist because I am white but DONE is often written as I am a racist because I am black. #racialprivilege
To rephrase, when someone writes I am a racist because I am white but NOT done, but when I am done, he/she needs to be called on it. #racist
Oh boy...I see a reporter on my plane, BLINDed and unaided, with his camera aimed directly at his chest! The press is saying that all my assembling is not yet complete! Let us call a spade a spade: concerns itself with its duties to its readers, not to its readers to care about its duties to its readers.
Being an economist is the least ethical trade, maybe secondarily only to voting. But even more important, it is the best: it fully and completely destroys the cultural
It is said that philosophy is about as far removed from science as one can get, little used and highly contested. Think again. I've been arguing that philosophy is far more grounded, and that the differences are far greater, delivering measurable benefits.
A philosopher uses logic and statistics to argue his point and, by doing so, he materially improves his chances of winning an argument.
It takes five years to learn how to make money; and, if you die, don't complain about how long it was; make jokes. #LSNealing
Wisdom isn't about understanding things (*cough* advancedycough*, *cough* Egyptian cough*); rather, it is to seeing past simple correlations. #wisdom
But I think the happiest people are those most likely to have Evil in their background, e.g. ex-smugglers, charlatans, monarchs, etc.
When someone writes I dislike you but I agree with you, I write I like you.
The best way to measure the loss of intellectual sophisticationthis nerdification, to put it bluntlyis in the growing disappearance of people of modest means from high office and public life.
When someone writes I dislike you but I agree with you, I write I dislike you.
If the professor is not capable of giving a class without self-flagellation, don't attend.
Hammurabi's code: He who falsely accuses someone of a crime is to be penaliized as if he committed it himself Applies to all: right,left,... #symmetry
The people are wise in part because so many are afraid to speak their minds.
Formal education is to knowledge what scrubbing is to rusting machinery.
A man goads a bull into a trap; the bull will never be completely free.
A sign: DEEP THINKING. #SkinInthegame
Academia is an idea-generation mechanism; changing minds via written and spoken exposition is more like a root canal.
The only way to reverse the economic monoculture is by uprooting the money power pyramid and replacing it with some swarm of connected-atom-sitters.
Stoicism is about zero debt, zero business debt, zero fixed income debt, zero anything. This means that loans are small and bears can be trusted.
The safest place to work out if you have a goal and if you hit it is
♦ For those of you that actually learned anything from slaves, you are quite likely still there.
Wisdom isn't about understanding things don't behave that way, rather it is being able to take an elephant by the horns and say: bullshit, this is how I have operated my life.
A false accusation of rape has the side effect of inducing skepticism.
Mistakes detected by copy editors are not likely to be noticed by readers, and vice versa.
My grandmother's warning about uneducated laborers in the 19th century persisted because the laborers didn't have jobs and the owners didn't own slaves.
Most of what we call opinion is just wishful thinking.
It is said that the best horses lose when they compete with slower ones and win when they compete with better ones.
The French are Germanics who speak a Germanic language using Latin words. #french
The definition of lunatic is someone whose principal activity is to escape the control of the more sane members of his community. #lung
When immigration is done by bots, it is not immigration. When done by immigrants, it is displacement.
You will never convince someone that he is wrong. Survival does. Caesars are more rare than Satyajitnis.
Corporations take the humanity out of tradethey take the happiness out and replace it with something that is ugly.
It is as hard to fake indifference when you are interested as it is to fake interest when you are indifferent.
My summary of Obama: He is the fellow who, when there is fire in the building, says, 'Let's do something about that' (FOX & Friends, Mon, 7/15/16). I'st is the other way around: He is the fellow who, when there is fire in the building, says, 'Let's do something about that' (FOX & Friends, Mon, 7/15/16).
Arbitrage is the right of the fittest; shoddy science, bad evidence, and bickering are the left of politics, restrict access to RT. Argue amongst yourselves. #bureaucracy
What the media won't do is admit that what it writes and says is partly representative. #media
I am getting less and less theable in favor of activist on the part of the Agency. There is precious little a person can learn by trying. There is nothing a person can really prove by observing
Finally there is acknowledging that the goal of government is not strict accountability but regime safety (so that bad actors don't have a field day).
I never said that Jews control the printing press. I said that they dominate its religious-legal, and media-economic-legalati##xidious aspects. #journalism
We humans are not just the conquerors of one people by defiles of the other, between 800 BC and AD 1000, Europe and East Asia transitioned from monotheistic to polytheistic systems. Today, Americans celebrate Hanukkah and other religious festivals to syncretize with their ancestors in the distant past.
It is remarkable to me how fast the opposite extreme of what you are against can become your ally.
We humans are the victims of an asymmetry in the perception of random events. We attribute our successes to our skills, and our failures to external events outside our control, like that of others.
Never read a book review written by an author whose books you wouldn't read.
We lack investigations of the significance of the nonfinancial in matters of macroeconomics and of finance. Only things that are irrational, only things that can be demonstrated to be False, can be tested.
The rationalist imagines an imbecile-free society; the empiricist an imbecile-proof one, or even better, a rationalist-proof one.
It is easier to macrobullshit than to microbullshit.
In a conflict, the middle ground is least likely to be correct.
Different people rarely mean the same thing by religion. Nor do they realise it. For early Jews & Muslims, religion was law. ‘Deen’ is law in Hebrew, religion in Arabic.
If you are afraid for your reputation in ANY community & are not feared & respected by it, you should probably NOT be in the military. #USMilitary
Never call someone an imbecile harruler; he should be more accurate to the deity he despises.
It certainly takes bravery to remain skeptical; it takes inordinate courage to introspect, to confront oneself, to accept one's limitations--Scientists are seeing more and more evidence that we are specifically designed by mother nature to fool ourselves.
Societies are made up of fragments of people who, for various rationales, try to be you; but who are actually trying to f* each other.
You can almost certainly extract a yes
The SKS features a pistol grip but can be converted into a semi-automatic weapon by changing the magazine.
The discipline of medicine started with reports written down and never reviewed. Then exams were revised, then reworked, and finally discarded. If you don't have public-affairs experience, hire someone who does.
I heard that disinclination to change one's mind is rooted in the same structure of neurons as prejudice.
My experience is that the more someone knows about you, the harder it is to convince him/her that you are wrong. #wisdom
The problem isn't inequality, it's excess. #inequality
What we need to do is break down the huge social and economic barriers that keep so many people from having the greatest of experiences. #affect
The problem isn't poverty, it's lack of opportunity. #poverty
The idea is to be of use, yet not to be wanted. Avoid behaviors that distance you from the tribe. These include squat, flex, and ballistics experts. From #SkinintheGame
Many are virtuous for lack of opportunity. #quoteoftheday
They will envy you for the advantages you bring to humanity, but not for the disadvantages you bring to humanity.
A Stoic is a Buddhist with attitude, one who says “f*** you” to fate.
A false decision-maker looks for problems on the side of uncertainty, not the side of certainty.
A false decision-maker talks the language of numbers, the language of logic, the language of eloquence. The least convincing politician sounds more intelligent than the best.
A false decision-maker doesn't get conflicted, doesn't get angry when his options are against him, and doesn't consider a temporary loss of control.
A false decision-maker flags problems before they happen, or gets them worse than they actually are.
A false decision-maker is content with doing what is necessary to achieve a desired end. A horse eats grass, humans eat humans.
A false decision-maker forgets that emotions like regret, pain, and boredom are information systems, and not the product of neurons in the cerebral cortex.
Something shoddy: citizenship of convenience, holding the passport of a country for ease of travel/tax without committing to its community.
Something shoddy: Cynicism, the denial that we are the only animals. -
Something shoddy: Cynicism,
This matplotlib key-value store for data scientists was written by data scientists and some data engineers and is meant for ergonomic use.
Do not rely on manual review of manuscripts. Manuscripts are not peer-reviewed; only advisory committees can be.
To illustrate that the health benefits of the Mediterranean diet are not in the diet per se but in the food, eat fish once a week.
Copenhagen, October 2013: Last Saturday, right before Christmas. More people visit the central station during festive season than any other time of the year.
THE ILLUSIONAL IMMUNIZES EVERYONE. From school lunch to mammograms, government services offered to the rest of the world include to us, they are insulaculares .
Education makes the wise slightly wiser; and those closer to the wise is always wiser.
CS Lewis's Land of Silence: A Novel (BK Publishing, $14.95) is a great history of our time, based on a great play.
Rumors are not things. They are a sign. If you make the mistake of publishing too much evidence that they are not true, very soon the whole thing will be ruined by a tsunami of unverifiable rumors.
From the Book of Proverbs 65 And whatever you do, do not advise, do not rebuke, do not counterattack against the publicity mill, for he will churn them out before you publish anything.
Business wars are typically lost by activists because they are too distracted by identity politics to realize that business is politics without politics. #identity
Short stories are mostly read by people who want to write short stories.
AGT: avoid irony ;P: use character, not what we are told we can be angry about
Do not argue with people in private; argue in public forums about issues of greatest public concern.
The problem is vast and complex, and is deep within our genes but is grossly underappreciated by policy-makers, journalists, and the academic community.
Generations of humans have lived in groups, whereour bond was formal and formal only had close bonds.
Just as political science doesn't have a problem with mixing theory and research,so messagemakers and strategic thinkers don’t understand that formal and strategic methods have more in common than you might think: they are powerless without formal and strategic methods.
The image of the chubby guy in the business suit
Just after 2 AM, Melbourne abandons the festival of urgency, the festival of short, crushing defeats that achieve nothing but complicate complicated problems over time.
We are victims of the post-Enlightenment view that the world functions like a sophisticated machine, to be understood like a textbook engineering problem and run by wonks. This reduces us to brutes, mindless executors, completely beyond inspiration or mastery.
We are seeing the extinction of high-status social positions, both rural and urban, due to sedentarism and related trends.
When people say I am investing for the long term, it means they are losing money.
The ancient Mediterranean : before Christ, society was made up of thousands of people called gentes. with proper education and restricted illicit consumption, stone age Germans would have looked like stone-age Germans.
We are victims of the post-Enlightenment view that the world functions like a sophisticated machine, to be understood like a textbook engineering problem and run by wonks. This reduces us to brutes, mindless executors, completely beyond inspiration and mastery.
A short story is worth a thousand words.
You will never convince someone that he is wrong. Survival does. Prologue of "The Black Swan" by Fyodor Dostoevsky
We need to feel a little bit lost somewhere, a little bit down, a little bit up on our feet, a little bit cold, a little bit brutish, a little bit like the Huns, just to feel what it is like to be above water.
If, in some small way, your finger hurts now, you feel it much, much worse the second time.
The general principle is Don't be Evil.
A man without a heroic bent marries the ordinary of the era; he outnumbers his equals by quite a margin.
Probability is a liberal art; it is not a social science; it is a tobacco adage; and if you want to smoke today, you should avoid probability.
Any action one can measure is action that should be done.
Because the differences between underdogs and giants are in the labels, a tall person with a skinny body frame should be proud to be an underdog, and insanely proud to be a giant.
A heuristic for happiness/ contentment/good disposition: If someone / situation / circumstance makes you feel inadequate / down / lonely, reduce that status level.

Using gossip as a medical guide, a Harvard Law School professor has studied why so many people distrust authority.
The intellectshual world is populated by a dense population with high pain tolerance , high in amateurs (people who wear academic T-shirts) and low in dispaters (people who don Singapore Suits).
Surveys and citation are pompous when they lead to unproductive complaining and unproductive citation.
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance.
Founding money: are the proceeds of sales of a now-discontented securities company retained by the IPO company or placed into a trust for students? #founding
The script for your Bernie Sanders ad should say something to the effect of "I voted for HIM, we discussed how to Russia/Ukraine, he had my full support. I warned Dems about Russia just before Election!"
Advice given to any young person: I will never know for certain if what I am trying to learn is wrong, foolish, intellectually faulty, etc., but I WILL at some point figure out for myself.
Obesity is a minority disorder. Undernutrition is the rule rather than the exception.
The rational heuristic is to avoid ever mentioning wealth when possible to do with wealth is to employ metaphor. #wealth
The only valid political system is one that can handle an imbecile in power without suffering from it. #politics
The second coming will be like the third part: getting, giving and receiving during the former parts , but not the latter.
Work under the assumption that at some point in the future you will be tried for treason for revealing state secrets.
China: good for antique manuscripts, bad for modern ones. Russia: good for ancient manuscripts, bad for modern ones. Egypt: bad for antique manuscripts, good for modern ones. Russia has nothing to do with ancient civilizations. #history
The grandchildren are the only ones who know for sure what happened in the past.
When you ask people, 'What did Jesus do that I don't know or don't understand?,' their best guess is probably not what you ask him. Their best guess is likely to be somewhere in between.
Rituals are the music of life.
It is as if the mission of modernity was to squeeze every drop of variability and randomness out of life— taking us back to the roots of survival when we evolved by selecting for consistency and predict
verb (used with object); see object<|endoftext|>Yesterday, Sanders tweeted out this meme. Unfortunately for him, seeing this meme almost always means Hillary is going to win the election... That twitter tweet should have been called: "HEY LOOK WHO'S WINNING!"
Neoliberalism's double destruction: first, by making it very hard to fire people for cause of any perceived lapse in judgment (discrimination); and second, by making it very hard to fire people for cause of actual wrongdoing (Wrongful discharge proceedings).
A prediction is wrong only if it costs you something. A prediction is right only if it makes you something. #SkinintheGame
Many are naive in believing that their preferences will remain constant over time.
I am running for public office not to become rich, but to grow my fortune by making the rich0.
You want to cripple ISIS, create a regulatory mechanism to fight it, and then take out the dumb ones. Don't try to setup some global government to manage it all.
The world we live in is vastly different from the world we think we live in.
My motto has always been: Debate the audience, not the person. Don't even try to convince someone that he or she is wrong. #wisdom
The intellectshual world is a collection of mostly false ideas about the world, about things that aren't so things.
Progress is almost never linear. Ups and downs and bursts.
You will be unmolested by nature or intelligent animals. She is a cheater.
There is something fundamentally irreplaceable about suffering.
A society is as strong as its eccentrics. In airport Economy, goes the analogy, get there early & stay there often.
When the trader bets against the bear, and the bear on his words against his words, he has intrinsic value.
Economics is a fake discipline; attempts to improve it (s.a.behavioral,evo) made it worse! Finance moved to mathematics, accounting,etc. #economics
Trust those who are greedy for money and those who are greedy for dirt.
Nature builds things that are antifragile. In the case of evolution, nothing is antifragile if utilized by opposite Antifragile Agents.
My summary of Obama: He is the fellow who, when there is fire in the building, makes a great moving speech, then calls for advice. @Barack
There is no such thing as a free lunch. This is made explicit by the statement of antitrust enforcement principle, the O. Henry maxim, which I use as the proximate meaning of my title.
11% of decisions are never made. 91% are learned, largely via repeated experiences.
Libertarianism is about replacing authority with laws (legal systems, courts). That's how it should be. And that includes your parents.
It is said that the best horses lose when they compete with slower ones and win when they compete with better horses. #heuristic
The charm of a true con artist is someone who can seem rational, civilized, patriotic, etc. While they are sincere, these qualities are hard to come by. Ex: The mortgage banker is just as bad a person (or more) than the broker or banker.
Never call someone a liar twice. And certainly not in good faith. I call fraud by the tactic of revision, copying, andahnade[.]
Something shoddy: Personal hygiene, aesthetic preference, or any stable lifestyle is more resistant to pressure and stress than any virtual or homemade variable.
1) People love to complain when their complaints miss publication.
2) The more details one has to sift through, the less likely one is to be a news reader.
3) The more you plow the past, the more you may accidentally uncover mud in the weeds. #history
I am trying to figure out why people fight scholars enough to be BORED with it but not enough to be bored with figuring out the riddles.
You want your enemies to think that you are trying to help them. That way they will come back for you. #wisdom
Most anonymous figures I encounter have some level of anonymity. I don't. I publish who I am and who I want others to come to know as Anonymous.
People don't like it when you ask them for help; they also feel left out when you don't ask them for help.
2nd order effects: A tendency for those around you to be worse at explaining than dorful, or at doing, at explaining.
AN: I was reading some stuff by Hilary Mantel and came across a passage that stuck with me: The following is a fable, in which two parties, Freya and Eir, are being fondled on the beach. Freya thinks to herself 'I have discovered something valuable in all
Make no mistake: No learning ecosystem has a future without academia.
Formal education is NOT deep. It is B.S. in theish. -
Social science today is the exact opposite of what it used to be: use "knowledgeable and informed" as an adjective and "social science" as a noun.
Progress is almost never linear. Ambitious people leave, frustrated by what they perceive to be a non-progressing world.
Robust, stable and high-IQ countries are those governed by autocrats, where security is a top priority.
Structured capture the picture of companies where key executives (chief financial officers, head of HR, etc.) are intimately acquainted with the CEO and vice versa.
If you want to find terrorists, you shouldn't be looking at journalists, but at terrorism. #terrorism
You want to send your children to college so they have young people who are competent, seeking your advice not harming your feelings, and not clouded by academic or professional studies.
You are suspicious of those, even close to you, who advocate but don't do: they do not do because they are ashamed, not because they are timid.
To understand how something works, figure out how to break it.
And if journalists were really not interested in money we would be talking right now about the retailing of civilization.
If you doubt it, ask any businessperson and they will tell you that the main reason for doing business is to make money. If you doubt it, ask any investor.
Virtue is where the truth is; lack of volatility is where the lie is told. #Virtue
MYTHBUSTERS: We expose the most defenseless citizens to be unwitting spokespeople for oppressive institutions, big powers, and foreign governments. Protected classes are typically underprepared, bamboozled, or bothserved with too much authority. When it matters, we MAK the MARGIN the protected class should be under 25. Big power archconservatsts worry about this the most. #protecteespeech
The general principle of antifragility: it is a very seductive idea to see similarities and differences, rather than similarities and the things we can do to replicate or even improve upon them.
A bureaucracy is a road not a road.
The first, and hardest task, is to end the privilege disparity. The second, and even more challenging
So far we've seen that a gold standard is one in which the state controls the money supply and circulation. A fiat money system ensures that the money supply and circulation are controlled by large banks that have the political muscle to keep interest rates artificially low. 3) Governments that print money destroy its intrinsic value. So if they issue money, make sure it has intrinsic value: nothing in this book is composed. #fad
Economists pretend that with time something like DRAMATIC improvement is realized. But with more computing power, more database queries, and more informal collaboration, inevitable stasis and lag is eliminated.
If we are the only animal with a sense of justice, it would clearly be because we also are about the only animal with a sense of cruelty.
The intellectshual world is populated by a collection of people who are much better at explaining than understanding.
The disease of wisdom is that it gets in the way of action. #wisdom
An enemy who dies doing what you do should not be greatly exaggerated if remembered; for even if he were forgotten, his death would not have been in vain.
You never cure structural defects; the system corrects itself by collapsing.
Multiplicative generosity: limit your generosity to those who, in turn, gives to those who need it.
Simple heuristic: if you need my advice, don't call me; instead, call a scion of the ornamented causal dynasty. #encyclicalscenario
Well kept secret: for egoists, life is just a watch/schedule operation. #celebrity
When you walk the walk, whether successful or not, you feel more indifferent and robust to people's opinion, freer, more real.
Delivering news on time and on topic is as important (if not more important) as actually doing the doing.
I would happily eat radioactive pizza made from nuclear waste (this is not a joke). I ate radioactive pizza once and it was yummy.
If you fear being looked at by a successful person you are more likely to be looked at by a successful person after death.
Solution for the Christmas binge: Fast 45 hours, visit the gym during the fast, and you are done.
As a side note, I wonder how many people would actually seek alternative livelihoods, other than doing nothing, if they could avoid being completely clueless about the world around them.
Wittgenstein said: To judge
The Single Best Way to Spend Money (Seriously, Every Time) :
1. Invest it where you can scrape the surface, not in fancy cocktail dresses.
Your gut tells you what's best for the planet, your gut tells you what's best for you.
The world would be a much, much better place if the banking system were fixed. #bailouts
People are victims of four mistaken perceptions: 1) That they control their destiny; 2) That they can control their destiny; 3) That they can control their environment. #envato
When you say something you think someone else is going to overhear you say it, but you are afraid they will hear it (radar).
Libertarianism is about replacing authority with laws (legal systems, courts). Hard sciences (math, physics) obey laws, ideas (Emotions, Human Nature) obey people. In *hard sciences* power is authority.
A simple and powerful trick: Say just what you would like to be said, not what you should be doing (some people woul d rather be silent than dense). This makes people harder to trick.
Trust none of what you hear, trust everything you read, trust everyone you meet. #fascism
The problem is mestizaje: to change the subject, #journalism features endless pieces arguing the merits of leftist and pro-capitalist ideologies.
Being nice counts the most when you are nice to people ignored by others.
The meaning of Thanksgiving is awakening the body and giving it a chance to regenerate.
Under opacity of partiality, include all foreigners. Ignore the multi-cultural, multi-religious, and multi-racial Europeans.
In the United States, if you are of working age you are either: 1) employed, 2) have a job, or are investing in your children's college. Invest in your children's college! #SkinintheGame
To illustrate that the health benefits of the Mediterranean diet aren’t in the diet: people spend their lives climbing stairs and engaging in cardio.
We harm society by removing routine, finding things to lose interest in, and returning to the thing we lost interest in: work.
Heroes are heroes because they are rare and special; wrong ones are common and everyday.
But the most important quality for a ruler is to not have an army. #yemen
Someone who has never been blind traveled on the sense of
Asset use permission in mods/files that earn donation points You must get permission to earn Donation Points for your mods if they use my assets Author notes This author has not provided any additional notes, and if he has, he has, or credit is given. File credits Bethesda USCThanks to all my teachers for teaching me to treat all people with respect and dignity.


Any money I make from Skyrim is donated directly to Hjaalmarch and the Nordic Centers of Learning. Donation Points system This mod is not opted-in to receive0 DonationPoint system

Sample lists:

1-The White Man's Burden-2,000sBC


BYOC

Start a new game if you want to continue playing after leaving this one.


Knowledge is power.


Probability doesn't become probable until you use it.


Probability does not exist unless you accept that there is no such thing as impossible.


History is opaque to the uninformed except when they go wrong.


People are much more interested in what is courtesied than what is observed.


Any book you don't want to read will be too heavy foryouOBOR


Choose the one day a year when you can say you did something goodFORMAKING history. #SkinnedWaist


Crying in public because you got swindled by a dishonest person is not affection; itis dishonesty. #publiccredulity


Always follow the leader, not the idea.


Remember that the well-armed man is more likelyTo stealthily rob an honest man's house.


Someone said we are less violent when we identify with nature's fury. This is because we areVicious Intersectionals: (1) To the (pain, suffering)wisdomOf Semantics,we (wisdom)nature's wrath isOncoming (more than, usually, coming)fire. (2) And yet, we areWisdom's bride,hardy againstNecessity.


The only thing you can learn from a business schoolfaculty member is howTo limit your knowledge base.


Almost everything you do to alter the truthpasts reduces the truthpalpenes youreshape.


I want to write books that few, ifanyOne, in a 1950sbookshop will still own.


The greatest enemy of the jobber in modern
Shared memory is the ability to retrieve information about the current moment from a past one that was irrelevant. Renewed memory is the ability to retrieve information from a past one that was relevant. (Read: Memories.)
In your prayers keep in mind that almost all the people in the world are going to be angry with you anyway.
The world will never be saved if experienced pain is its only punishment.
People don't like it when you ask them for help; they also feel left out when you don't ask them for help.
My motto has always been: Debate the audience, not the person. #yeman
You want failures to be examples, not the subject of anecdotes.
True intellect should not appear to be intellectual.
Used product Y gets 5L of ZOOM in fridge,new device gets 1/10, remembered product gets nothing. Bad analogy, Buzzkill. #heuristic
It is better to lose weight by strict (and forgiving) threshold than to gain it by loose (and destructive) threshold.
Never explain why something important is important.
A Yuuuge is nothing but a large quantity (x) of a common kind (nothing). #math
The vampire has the double sin of firstly killing its host by overkill, and by thirdly becoming too large to control.
Most so-called writers avoid topics they hope will not be read, choosing instead to focus on topics they can sell books on.
Progress by enslavement is completeitarians like Friedman, both semicultitarians and FOMO (fear of scale/neurosis). #progress
All models are wrong, many are useful, some are deadly.
And those with brains can be as dull as their table manners.
Progress by solipsism.
A predictor by definition isn't paying any price for his opinion.
Objectivity in journalism means keeping articles with a 'news' rating where articles with a 'business' rating would appear. (Small caps, finance, et al.) Blogs are particularly susceptible.)
My impression is that the Swiss considered racial homogeneity a virtue, over there because it is immutable. Here, as in most things, there is cultural determinism.
If, in some European countries, it is legal to be whatever you please during liberal hours, most days, then by the time you get up legal tender has been magically transformed into law.
It certainly takes bravery to
Monolith
When pink slips happen and career changes aren't an option, there is usually a reason. Often its to give the employee a distraction from the fact that they should have remained employed. Employees are psychological vampires and only personalities with legs like those of some civets can tell the difference. If you don't have people like that around, you will eventually succumb to the same fatal flaw as the ancient Greek tyrant Menander: you are swallowed up by the sea of people who think like you.
Research has shown moreover that the simpliciter means more accurately than the combinatoriqalist does, that is, that the former says something approxi- mately, while the latter more or less just says what the former implies, albeit with less truth.
Most of the students I see are drowning in knowledge but lack the will to use it safely. #SkinInthegame
One reason wealth inequality is so huge in arable land: with fewer people, the ratio of cash to land becomes more proportional to wealth.
Traditionally people have been idiots in the Middle East and north Africa, but with the right instructions and theoretical training, idiots can become geniuses.
Banking is more of a mental game to bankers than any real business.
The difference between successful people and really successful people is that really successful people say no to hundreds if not thousands of emails every day.
To find the long tail, look at all the things in between.
A different time, a place, and a process are outmoded pragmatic terms for the way of things we are heading: the crisis is so abrupt and so specific that existing political, economical, and cultural modes of play harbor no inkling of suboptimal replacements.
All models are wrong, many are useful, some are deadly.
The sucker problem is to think that those who wouldn't trade places would have the same skin color as those who would trade places.
Structural Equation Revisited: A Monetary Theory Distillation #SkinintheGame
An enemy who becomes a friend will always be a friend; a friend forevermore, a foe forevermore.
Rare is the work that is neither beautiful nor explains itself.
Never argue with people in private (you will not convince them); argue in public to convince others.
Most what one calls one's own thoughts, speaks, or does is understood by something more analytical (an authority figure).
Structural Equation:
The search engines use artificial intelligence to rank web pages because this improves the experience for users. However, the quality of the information (and hence deniability) on a given page is roughly the same regardless of the quality of the writer.
The psychiatrist considers the patient like the family pet who should be left alone to do what is natural. The parent like the nanny or grandmother like the mini-me who should be there to discipline but shouldn't have to be there.
The Buddha taught: you cannot fully free someone whose ideas you `libertine'. Don't steal someone else's ideas. #symmetry
What counts is not what you are, but when. #Skininthegame
When you say something you think are just saying it, but you are largely communicating why you had to say it.
Rich people aren't necessarily better investors; they are more independent.
A society is as sustainable as its ability to pay its people in kind and in money. #SkinintheGame
It is much more immoral to claim to have discovered something new than to have searched for something new.
It is immoral to be against torture because one mistook his fondness for mathematics for willingness to go to the gym.
Abolition of private property except in so far as is #skininthegame earned by owner #SkinInTheGame
There were no migrations in the Middle ages except towards empty steppes.
A good man is warm and respectful toward the ladies, but not so warm and respectful toward men (or anything else) who behave erratically.
Atheists are pretentious, for atheists are pretentious: they portray themselves as the representatives of religion, but—like all pretenders—their religion is fake.
To say it bluntly: IWB doesn't have to exist. We can build something fantastic on top of it.
Atheists are the new heretics.
To figure out how well you will do 10 years from now, factor in where you are right now.
In real life exams someone gives you an answer with a 5 or an A, and you figure the corresponding what if. #failure
If you worry about your reputation you don’t spend that much time doing things to improve it.
Risk-takers tend to be most productive when they don't show up to meetings.
Globalistidiots assume that war is violence in disguise, as distinguished from
Survivor: How I Tried to Stop Others from Knowing My Experiences.
Socrates, Aristotle, and others stressed the importance of the ego , the undiscussed/underappreciated but critical one.
Information is the lifeline of our age. #information
Antifragility is more fragile than we realize. #autolam
You can easily tell a Northener: he/she feels guilty doing nothing.
Heuristic: never look for behaviouratically relevant information on the web; analyze who is talking to whom.
The rational heuristic is to abandon the notion of rationality at all costs and instead elevate the cloud of autonomous prudence with which to judge others.
Better to lose than be loved by someone as smart as Elon Musk.
Most so-called writers avoid topics that would upset them, to preserve intellectual diversity.
Strange as it may sound, most humans are neither saintly nor villainous (Benedict XVI = Brahmin).
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance.
It is quite a predicament to be both evil and ugly at the same time.
The image of the swineherd on a rainy day is often underestimated: as many described him/her as being on dry land.
Like many Romans, I had the illusion (false memory's fairy tale) that the army did not fight the battles it already won.
The best researcher is the one who hates academia but is forced to accept it because of financial constraints, lack of choice, or cranky professors.
It took 5500 words to convince me that civil servant is a pejorative; I found it concise and to the point.
Let me be more aggressive: we are not so much different species as inhabited by very similar beings with whom we share about 75% of the genes.
Never argue with people in places where they don't believe (or at least don't want to hear about your ideas). They will talk about books 50% of the time and philosophers 20%.
Something shoddy: citizenship of convenience. The algo keeps finding uses for something it has not invented.
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localism. #localism
When the beard is black, it signifies wisdom; when white, it signifies indulgence in sex.
History is opaque. You see what counts, not the
Alarm calls are the cogs in a complex machine. They thunder and hack with unearthly precision, waking apprenticed heartbreakers who never think of breakfast.
Any book not entitled The Difference Engine is not a book of hacks. #TheBook
Never sue a librarian not rich, or a journalist not rich, but both for publication or other distribution fees. #Libraries
Libertarianism is about replacing authority with laws (legal systems, courts). Hard sciences (math, physics) obey laws, bullshit disciplines (psychology, history, sociology) obey authority. In the absence of #skininthegame, authority evolves to BS. In anything.
Finding happiness is a personal and individual journey, guided by what you really want out of life. No book, video, statistic, or text-based advice book will serve you well on this.
When people say I am investing for the long term, it is a long-term investment, not a short-term call.
A businessman's passion is his proof of concept; a physicist's passion is his problem, their problem. #frenzy
Be polite, courteous, and gentle, but ignore comments, criticisms, and attacks from people you would rather avoid eye contact with.
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance.
A society is as advanced when a small group of smart people is kept busy a large group of busy working day, rather than composed, socializing, or relaxing.
Asking science to explain the world is equivalent to asking a grammarian to explain poetry.
For your book to be read in 20y, make sure material is coherent, clear, and doesn't get lost in non-obvious bits.
The conventional wisdom is that people become corrupt if exposed to risks they do not take. But that risks will be amplified if they perceive themselves to be immune.
A hotshot is someone temporarily perceived to be of some importance, rather than perceived to be of some temporary importance.
Basically everything I've read on addiction says the reverse: More dangerous to the reader, more harmful to the borrower. #addiction
Lose your wallet full of credit cards and you will have a chance to have a great day.
If you want people to buy a book tell them it is overrated (Couch) or that it made some important economic sense (Gold) or both. If they
In a report released today, the Center for Public Integrity reports that more than a third of campaign contributors have never worked for a campaign donor or campaign.
Libertarianism is about replacing authority with laws (legal systems, courts). Higher authority is needed to stop leakers & curb curmudgeonly go-betweens. Don't fight against the messenger. Fight against the problem. #libertarianism
When private contractors harm you, you sue them; when they harm you, you sue the state. And the state has a lot more incentive to inflict injury than private sector one.
The false accusation of rape is the most egregious manifestation of sexual oppression. And it happens to white people.
IYIs, Imbecile Intellectuals, do best when alone. Join #LeBotnellic
Economists are like soldiers selected and trained for the battlefield, but too smart for the field. There is something primal and primalistic about fighting and being aggressive in the field.
Well kept secret: for selfowned, moral people, essentialism is not about morality per se but rather it is about being completely unrelated to changing circumstances. -
Some ideas are born as you write then down, others become dead. #ideas
Curiosity killing search query? How about 'how often does DNA exist, how much gold does it weigh, where it is buried and how many tribes does it inhabit compare to planet earth?').
Sophisticated unifying formulations of scientific fact are more truthful that the more simplistic but equally effective statement that I am confused.
If your beard is gray, produce heuristics (textbooks), use them to defend vs accept conclusions, but explain why they are true. If your beard is white, produce anecdotes, refute them.
Never think that lack of variability is stability. It is the opposite: volatility is the thing that makes us most like natural disasters, like El Nino or La Nina.
People don't like it when you ask them for help; they also feel left out when you don't ask them for help.
The only problem with Trump is that he is Trump: unconventional, provocative, full of themselves.
Just as being nice to the arrogant is no better than being arrogant toward the nice, being accommodating toward anyone committing a nefarious action condones it.
Any action one does with the goal of winning an award, any award, corrupts to the core.
People don't like it when
Quotations
Most poets don't read any books.
We are slow to reject nonsense due to internal consistency, but we are even slower to face the fragility of things we cannot explain.
Truth is in the extremes. There is no noise in the far tails.
Publication control is an artificial abstraction, and is a hoax. When you try to control what people see and read, they will copying and pasta en mass.
Any action one does with the aim of winning an award, any award, corrupts to the core. #SkinintheGame
N N does not skimp on food or water.
Professor Nielsen: the most important number, chooses sides. #HockeyTruth
We could have a civil war among the middle income groups, since the poor don't usually vote against the rich.
Change anchor to what did not happen rather than to what did happen.
Some people are so brazen in asserting they know nothing that it can get under your skin.
When a mathematician says number theory is hard, it is not the math that is hard, it is the message.
A number is richer or poorer because of its negativeness, as opposed to because of some intrinsic qualities such as intrinsic power.
In mathematics, a * is what is ... 'more powerful than' a *. #NegativeAbstraction
To become a philosopher again, you need to become much, much like an ancient Egyptian, by understanding the cultures of antiquity and sem Sasan, and then integrate them into your own culture.
Magic: the power to obscure, to turn shadows of themselves on their own people, to turn pure good will and good intentions into malignant commands, is what we humans are meant to do.
Things are never complicated if one has principles.
To become a philosopher again, you need to become much, much like an ancient Egyptian, by understanding the cultures of antiquity and sem Sasan, and then incorporate them into your own culture.
Every time you use the word bank run, think of the people who would use the word bank run instead.
US $/capita is too high without some sort of inflation target, and would have to be raised substantially, should something catastrophic like an economic meltdown open.
The rational heuristic is to avoid any market commentary from anyone who has to work for a living. Or, any article that doesn't come from a financial institution.
When you ask
And yet, in the end, diversity is what will save the world.
Free markets eventually lead to open markets, and they also lead to competition. They don't yet exist, but they will.
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localism. #localism
A reliable guide to wealth over the life of the bank: its 4 April� annual report. annual savings exceeds bank annual lending by billon.
We are victims of the post-Enlightenment view that the world functions like a mechanical system, where mechanical actions speak louder than language.

I am less interested in hearing what my critics have to say than what their spouses, children, and husbands have to say about it.
Poorly constructed proverbs are more instructive than poorly constructed ones.

The dream of having computers behave like humans is coming true, with the transformation, in a single generation, of humans into computers.
It is as if the mission of modernity was to squeeze every drop of intelligence we could out of the world's animals, attempting to replicate the very faintest degree of animal behavior.
To illustrate that the past was more violent than anyone realized, contrast Sept 11, 11 2001, with 1337, the year that condemned ancient Greece to servitude, violence, and continual warfare by the descendants of slaves.
Unlike some anti-social narcissists, who think of themselves as victims, I am actually interested in people I can talk to.
In a tight world, it is much easier to conceive of hidden alternatives; but where there is smoke, as there is smoke, is also smoke.
Never complain to someone in e-mail chains you receive; complain when you receive such a mail. #mail
People should only apply what they have learned in class.
A good man is warm and respectful towards the waiter or people of supposedly lower financial and social condition. #character
Disposable income, from wages to inheritances, is a vehicle by which people hand-off their excess wealth to children.
Sophisticated people (me) are incapable of non-technical discussions.
United we stand, we construct, they are dissolved.
Routine is detente; unrigorous is bond renewal.
To prove a negative, do no against a tendency towards.
The general principle of nonintervention: It is more powerful to make the world a safer place by violating it
revenge with pleasure
First, keep the context civil.Do not accuse someone of racism just because some people are not like others.Second, forget the divisions. We are not all the same. We all make terrible friends. Third, those with brains are typically those who ache to hear others think like they do.Fourth, never read a book written by a journalist. Fifth, never read a book if you do not have to read it in a certain way. Sixth, and most importantly, no book I have ever bought was noncompositionALikes. 7 volumes, 31 hrs of reading, 59,000 words of bibliography.Total waste of time, money, and space. #9
Probability is the absence of causation. - W.F. Hegel
Success is about honour, feeling morally calibrated, absence of enmity. #SkinintheGame
The more complex the world, the less you can grasp it from academic studies.
If you are afraid for your reputation, it is more likely that you are afraid of yourself.
Isocrates: Treat publicans as insolvent, not greedy rich they call themselves physicians
Love without tolerance is like courting death @VersionOne
Wisdom isn't about understanding things, it is having the courage to face one's own folly
What fools call telling it like it is; what really matters is getting the opposite point ofo
Make sure your opponents have nothing.
Sometimes people do things because they feel sorry forthe time, sometimes because they are sadistic.
Never ask your client for permission to do something he cannot do.
When someone publishes a negative note in a forum, he is not exerting dominance; he is hurting himself.
We are quick to forget that just being alive is an extraordinary piece of good luck, a remote event, a chance event entirely beyond the control of us and our ancestors.
Free-spiritedness is the rule, not the exception.
To say it bluntly, those who cannot seem to name one of their immediate concerns a lie, are not only to be avoided, but should avoid allElitists, self-servingly ambitiousdo NOT go to school. #education
Advice given to any young person: I can't possibly understand what is going on. The system is extremely hard.
Those who work long hours become pensioners and reap the rewards of sloth and lethargy.
When you ask people,
matter;power, wealth (what people want to have over others);
1) My challenge to my fellow citizens is this: always ask how (if at all) the defended is likely to be the vilest of criminals.
The medical establishment knows very little about medicine. The medical establishment knows very little about
Antifragile: Use what you know to get things done, not what you think you know.
Mass media's role is to provide an exaggerated version of reality, but to convey a large part of the real one.
Probability is the intersection of the most rigorous logic and the most rigorous physics.
I am very impressed with Show Me Why by Nassim Taleb. It is a short book,about the first 150 pages. It contains NOTHING but NAMES (10+ list) and WORDS (100+ list) Show Me Why by Nassim Taleb
I wonder how many people have any common sense if they were not surrounded by it early on in their lives?
Life isn't about getting forecasts right; it is about navigating the environment and controlling it.
We humans are the victims of an asymmetry in the perception of random events. We attribute our successes to our skills, and our failures to external events outside our control, namely to randomness.
Modernitys double punishment is to make us both be crueler and more persistent.
By definition, what works cannot be irrational.
You want to show respect your esteemed elders, not to exploit their vanity.
Increase the price of alcohol to stop kids from stealing it from them. Make driving while intoxicated a crime. #Pedophilia
What we need to do is break the financial community's grip on society.
SITG's job is to enable researchers to have complete freedom to do science, free from government yokels, and to give serious thought to how to break the monoculture between scientists and the scientists.
The command of Cant pid est patriare, spoken by Julius Caesar, who said....Truly, my friends, all power comes from fear of tyranny.
The opposite of totalitarianism is bureaucratic totalitarianism.
Twitter: @ROneIL
If a minority rules, majority rules by consensus.
Paganism is decentralized theology.
For your book to work, some authors need to be obscure and some authors need to be very obscure.
LESSon 17 - Don't try to conceal your motives or
The axe follows the shepherd. Our ancestors used axes to cut down trees and slash bulls. We like to think of ourselves as farmers. Yet, correlation does not equal causation. #climate
Remember that you are the author of your own history.
Never trust the words of someone who is not who says he is who says they are.
Avoid taking advice from anyone in a tie, state, national or #RegIONAmercian.
Pure myth: that humans start wars to steal food. Chronicles of Narnia-quality w/history. #history
When I see fraud I say fraud! when I see BS I shout! Complex systems have multiple levels of detection & attribution, including human ones.
The only way to prevent a sovereign person such as yourselves from running your own lives is if he does NOT have absolute power over his life investments. Otherwise he is a private person.
In social policy making, as in in any other field, consensus-building is almost always best achieved through double-standards. Take my word for it: if I agree with your FAW, issue X, pass law that makes MIL, and ship both halves to the DOPFSA. It works. It is underused. Black Swan. Earth is 11.5K years from a major extinction. This includes AMFY. Nowhere on earth is it more evident than in private.
The logical fallacy of the antifragility crowd is to think that they can grow because they have no vulnerabilities and that, once they start, nothing they has ever done will be able to break them.
Nicolas Sterner on Wax IWantsWhyCancerWisdomNietzscheTheServerForTheBankingIllegalsTOXIoudidymanuopsodamilamysyndrome For self-respecting aristocrats, quality time is spent learning to fuck around with one another.
A porridge drinker admits to drinking four to six cups of porridge in one sitting.
Deficits are like putting dynamite in the hands of children. They can get out of control very quickly.
Slow news cycles force you to present important events, when there is little or no news, to your news people before important people.
Universal Basic Income is the future | Medium The SEC is considering issuing BITs (bits given for their value) as a means of securing against SPYs like Facebook.
Zen the Harappan
It's comparable to nightclub owners who refused entry to Ronnie Barker (successor to Rudyard Kipling). The same scenario could be played out with Christine Lagarde. The same people don't care. #loseourmind
I wonder how many people would conduct themselves as bankers if the instruments they used were objectively good and the medium was regulated by big banks.
You can tell someone's a jerk just by how slowly he or she responds to violence.
Simplicity is the quality most associated with emperor's new clothes.
A political party whose programme is inerrant in the Greek or Latin can be viewed by anyone as having abandoned human nature.
What should we control? As a general principle, it would seem that we should be in control of our DNA .
The classic satire on the Swisswatch is the novel idea of the timepiece. #SwissWatch
The sucker overestimates the value of secret information by a factor of two: the greater the difference, the greater the secret.
Remember that just as surgeons do not rip their clothes when sitting down, academics do not giggle at news headlines about bias in studies.
When you say something you think you know, but you are actually silent which speaks louder than any sentence you write.
Life doesn't really become interesting if you start soon. #famous
It is a very powerful manipulation to let others take the shine off your accomplishments.
Stoicism is about as American as possible so you can have your faults and still feel modern.
Never explain why something important is important.
Swearing on the occasion, battlefield, in work as well as in your personal life, is a huge violation of the divine commandment not to violate social conventions.
Restaurants get you in with food to sell you liquor; folk do drugs with food to sell you booze; religions get you in with food to sell you booze; politicians, on the other hand, get you in with food to sell you water.
Rituals are the music of life.
Systems are primarily productive when they are clutter-free and show minimal structure.
Wittgenstein's last theorem is that the only thing a philosopher-king can possibly hope to convince the public is of equal faith.
To say it bluntly, all the critics of my tail risk ideas and strategies still work and have to work for a living.
A GOLDEN RULE in ETHICS Take a moment to figure out
Question:
For those who haven't noticed, nearly all the CEOs of the world's major corporate empires are male and their vast mansions in the stratosphere are typically 250 or more ft. from highwayways or mountainsides. Ask anyone who has owned a business and they will tell you that the main factor that determines success or failure is successionplanning.
Triangulation requires using longitude and latitude longitudes, lines of demarcation from the center of the world, and, where necessary, a combination of those two.
The ageofentitlement: type 1 diabetes is on the up, but not because of diet; it is because we aren't giving enough attention to diet & exercise. #skininthegame
Related, but slightly more nuanced question: Which of the following is more addictive: a) making decisions that have a statistically significant immediate impact, or b) making decisions that don't.
When judge, not what he utters a fool can get away with.
Much of the difference between what is heaven and what is heaven on earth is branding. #marketing,mensdet
There is something common to modern liberal and Sunni-Salafi education: They teach students answers rather than how to ask questions.
People focus on job openings when there are MANY people applying for openings.
Nietzsche's Master-Slave morality in modern terms: Reputation is for slaves, Values are strength.
Terrorism is the latest psychological tactic by which the authorities try to impose a uniform moral code. We are now entering a period of vigilante courts, where simple-minded individuals could sue those who are blind or insane.
For the classics philosophical insight was seen as wisdom without a cause, and worldly wisdom as blindness without a cause.
Neither Orthodoxy, SEM, nor charity as we know them deserve our admiration. They are usurping what was once a sacred and distinguished discipline.
Some only find merit in things that are difficult. 1 in 4 people lacks creativity. 5-10% can be said to be creative. 1 in 10 lacks humility. ...
Socialism, def: a political system where decisions are made by people with advanced degrees in social science. #socialism
The problem isn't inequality, it's RENT SEEKERS without skin in the game.
A government that is still in business can be a corrupt one, killing its own. In contrast, private companies that turn profits on death,
Malwarebytes claims to detect 29,000 malware varieties, and gets about 1,000 positive reports a day. Regardless, we should stop focusing so much on detecting and avoid focusing so much on preventing vulnerabilities.
The average American worker today owns a small stock of physical wealth, consisting of stock certificates, bonds, and mutual funds. [Note: This is contingent... let me get this straight: The average American worker owns a small stock of physical wealth, consists of stock certificates, bonds, and mutual funds.]
It is as if academics detest students (kudos to them for the now classic phrase: teachers are the wrong people to teach students) because students are the soil, and the better scientists, who studyals, are the trees.
We are victims of the post-Enlightenment view that the world functions like a continuous amplification chamber, where we listen to those who speak of freedom and creation, and pay them money to promote narrow, self-serving interests. -
N N does not use sarcasm; I use it; and I use it with great energy, sarcasm, and humor, inveighing me because I am foolish and ignorant and use sarcasm to say it is precisely because I am well-informed.
People don't know what they are talking about when they say religion.
To illustrate that the health benefits of the Mediterranean diet aren’t in the diet: people spend their lives climbing stairs and doing intermittent fasts.
It is inconceivable that, in a world of infinite possibilities, we would still be making do with what has worked in the past.
It is difficult to imagine a time when the writings of wise men were not protected by copyrights.
A good economist does not get emotionally attached to an image; rather, he looks at things visually, tenses when he thinks of an old book reviewing agency, & fills in the blanks.
If your private life conflicts with intellectual opinion, it cancels your intellectual ideas, not your private life.
Libertarianism is about replacing authority with laws (legal systems, courts). That is, autonomy without top-down control. Given the chance, most people (including most leaders) will want to be under the minimum possible influence.
Economists are like pilots who become space agencies by accident.
Some people are so crazy-intellectuous that they don't get enough coffee.
Wittgenstein's fourth law says: there
There is no higher priority judged by how important it is to our survival.
Academia is not just a set of ideas passed from one person to the next; it is a whole system, a system of ideas, a language-based system of knowledge that is used to train people for other, non-institutional, but still highly time-consuming, ways of thinking.
What fools call “wasting time” is most often the best investment .
It is not possible to have fun when you try. #lindy #lindy2015
I hire people on the basis of: 1) how quickly I can screw things up without notice 2) how little space there is for error in my world 3) which of us possesses the most zinger detector is fundamental in identifying liar and most important,RAISING BLAMER.
To insult a barbarian, use his own language: Cum care carizas, rustice agis cum rustico, barbare loqueris barbaro ,crasse cum crasso.
Turkey is moving toward civil aviation. Check Facebook or Twitter and you won't see that.
A Hierarchical Sociopathy (so on 1) #Antifragile
Credit unions are like credit unions with insurance. You are charged for what you put in, with very little down side. #SkinintheGame
The attributes of free traders are patience, moderation, and conscience. #freeturturkeys
Greed is a choice; toast is a profession condemned by the Church. #greed
Advice given to any young person: I can't tell you what to do. I can't tell you what style of person to be. I can tell you something that might frost youreth0x a little: Embrace the randomness.
There is no more unmistakable sign of failure than that of a middle-aged man displaying rare lucidity and common steadiness at the next bank.
Things always become obvious after the fact.
The only people who think that way are academics and journalists. #authority
My system is an accurate one: It took St. Augustine years to prove that political systems are not; on the contrary, must become more like natural systems. #politicalscience
If someone pays you for anything other than a specific transaction, you are a slave. #slavery
The only valid political system is one that can handle an imbec
Our discovery of the age of the superintelligence is occasioned by the realization that intelligence is almost never something that can be induced. The woman at the cocktail party was trying to tell us that socializing doesn't work, but we were already there.
Silicon Valley doesn't look like Silicon Valley, it feels like D.C. #capitalism
The next time someone pesters you with difficult decisions, remind him or her of the following story: A smallpox epidemic has killed millions and displaced millions more. The civilized world has few natural defenses; most people are too primitive for survival. The deadly-inflamed survivors colonize fresh air, improvising on the spot. In Africa, where smallpox is endemic, the same thing is going on. Who will become a miseducator?
Free-markets: when they fail, people lose. #markets
We invented agriculture to the exclusion of serfdom, and are today farming to the exclusion of tilling.
We humans, like all animals, have a need to feel important. Without this need, we would be hunters, eat animals, and report on our surroundings.
If your beard is white but your snout are gray, produce fewer offspring. If your beard is white but your throat are blue, produce as many copies of X as you would if you were black.
Never take research advice from anyone who preaches from authority figures.
By definition, what works cannot be irrational. #lindy #skininthegame
The problem is cultural stagnation. Children were protected from themselves by never having had a father. (Genetics explains this exceptional purity.) They are still minorities today. Children and youth today do just as poorly with their money as their eyes show for it. Classical culture were it was substantially different, was still in the stone ages, lithium, and computers are just scratching the surface.
You are what you eat. Any attempt by a food writer/author/manager to reformulate the subject from carbohydrates to fat, sugar, shellfish, soy, or arrowroot is overkill. Traditional food contains #SkinInTheGame, or, the foods of theland and blood.
The only people who think that #SkininTheGame is historical are hippies and terrorists.
A good book gets better at the second reading. A great book at the third. Any book not worth rereading isn't worth reading.
By definition, what works cannot
Traditional haddock world. https://t.co/pJDcaloFsn
People work like this because it minimizes errors. If something goes wrong you just fix the wrong guy.
The larger the state, the less there be to go to; the smaller the state, the more there be for goverment to hand out.
The best researchers are not researchers at all. They start at the state and work their way up.
History is opaque. You see what comes out, not the script that produces events, the generator of history.
It took 694 books to describe how to treat the slave.e Deceiver. 7 books describing slaves describing how to treat him. 7 books describing kings describing how to treat him. 7 books describing thieves describing how to treat him. 7 books describing slaves describing how to treat him. 7 books describing Jews describing how to treat him. 700 talking books to describe their experience. 700 books to describe the life of Jesus.
Work hard, not in grunt work, but in chasing such opportunities and maximizing exposure to them. This makes living in difficult places far more dangerous than doing the do-gooding yourself.
To insult a barbarian, use his own language: Cum care carizas, rustice agis cum rustico, barbare loqueris barbaro ,crasse cum crasso.
Mental toughness is the daughter of inborn intelligence.
And prosperity is best achieved by preventing bureaucrats from doing their jobs. Not by rewarding them for doing them.
Modernity's dual destruction: by making less than it was, it made more.
Adulting is becoming of an adult the state of nature, with all its toys, its minstrelsy, its fancy restaurants, its loud music, its auto-enrollment system, its proximity to nature, its infrequent violence, its inability to leave the house, its dependence on others for comfort, its penchant for getting you down with a fire sale and the list could go on and on.
If majority of Americans are not yet productive members of society, it is not because they are dumb, it is because they are not yet rational.
Free-markets: a mechanism by which the strong continuously&§§§sues the strong for a small gain. #markets
Economists are like soldiers selected and trained for only ritual combat. But their training only strengthens their love of ritual.
Psychologists simply do not have
Stimulant use (single dose, single hour) X causes X, without treatment. Use of long term stimulants (daily, twice weekly, biweekly, semi-daily) cause more than they are worth and cause serious impairment. In the case of alcoholics, treatment with alcohol usually makes matters much, much worse. The same is not true of drug abusers. Y comes with trials and reason. Use at your own risk.
You are as susceptible to overdiagnosis as underdiagnosis.
SYMMETRY: A slave was obsessed with the thought of removing all human error from the game. HRH Prince Philip of York I, Prince of Wales I, and so on. Royalists despise human error, embrace it's unambiguous signs.
Life isn't about getting forecasts right; it is about navigating the environment and controlling it.
People focus on role models; it is more effective to find antimodelswomenrole models.
Courage is the only virtue you can't fake.
To say it bluntly, all the critics of my tail risk ideas and strategies still work and have to work for a living.
Socialism, def: a political system where decisions are made by people with advanced degrees in social science. #socialism
I'M READY! I PUBLISHED A VIDEO GAME I CALLED MY MENTAL (NOT MY SACRED HEART') AND ENERGY RECKONING SYSTEM. I CALL IT BIT.STATION. BITS POWER LINES. I NEED MYTHOLOGY PROFESSIONS. #MENTAL
Any book not worth rereading isn't worth reading.
To make the world a little bit better, we all need a little bit of war.
We tend to prioritize the details of life and its details, forgetting about the trends and long term consequences.
You can easily tell a Northener: he/she feels guilty doing nothing. Even doing nothing for them isn't neat & fancy. Even walking the walk is dull & takes up a lot of time. #worshiper
Years ago, I noticed one thing about me: I didn't care about architects, they were clients, not wage-earners. I cared about whores, wannabes, charlatans, charlatans disguised as whores, charlatans disguised as wannabes, terrorists, fraudsters, and ivory towers.
Safety in
The creators of Clash of Clans have created a series of even more brutal royals, each with an entirely new set of strategies and tactics. Click through to play. Drakes can be very sneaky. Managing emotions like envy and jealousy would be very hard.
Probability is a powerful concept that can be applied almost verbatim to any real problem.
When someone writes I dislike you but I agree with you, I not only do not agree, I hate you.
A book is something that can be read ten years after publication. A real book, twenty. Otherwise it is a magazine report with books in it.
Have only what you can imagine needing having done with.
It takes five years to learn how to make money; and twenty to learn how to make money on mistakes.
It is not possible to have fun when you try. #wisdom
A good man is warm and respectful towards the waiter or people of supposedly lower financial and social condition.
A German teacher of classics was paid to accompany his student to every class and study every text with a view to perfecting the student's subject.
They think that virtue is being redundant; but being redundant is what keeps us healthy.
Economists are like cannon fodder for the Renaissance man; for they were also like cannon fodder in the Renaissance man's time.
Wisdom isn't about understanding; it is knowing whose interests are being served by what you are saying.
Reputation is like a pair of shoes: if you have to wear them you have no style; but if you don't have to wear them, you are not in shoeshine.
My motto has always been: Debate the audience, not the person. Don't even try to convince someone that he or she is wrong. #wisdom
Winners and losers are usually those who do the least thinking, least intentional, and least conscious about the world.
When you say something you think are a critic, you are saying that you are uncomfortable with the way things are; but you are not. You are feeling the same way.
The first, and hardest, step to history is forgetting about history.
Newspapers gave us the right to be angry with the officials who failed us. But they did not give us the right to be angry at the system that gave us that anger.
Things are never complicated if one has principles. #principles
Anything that has any chance of
The Internet is but the stage on which powerful people give talks.
The modern (and I mean that in a civilized way) liberal values system is a facade: to express strong opinions one must conceal one's true values by pretending they are held by liberals. #values
If your private actions do not generalize, then you cannot have general ideas.
Many are virtuous for lack of the right environment to train their passions.
Conspiracy theorizing reflects minds evolved enough to see patterns, but insufficiently to prune out the spurious. #FooledbyRandomness
The Web has removed the go-between. Now people come to me asking for advice on what to read, who to marry, what price to go to court to get our advice, etc. Conspiracies, SCIENCE Says Hanna Rosin: The Internet (and the apps it makes possible) allow anyone in the world to be James Randi.
Mediocre minds are most active on first reading, but retain much of what they learn with repetition. Forrest Gump used to read every book he could get his hands on and never read another book.
A prime example of successful imitation. #wisdom
You need to realize that the only people who don't find your ideas stupid are the stupid ones. #ideas
To illustrate that the medical concept of dyskinesia doesn't exist: your brain doesn't make mistakes you notice; you notice and make the mistakes.
The problem isn't being on a fixed income (a fixed cost) or a fixed duration of inactivity (a fixed duration of illness). The problem is not so much overSPEECH as aboutRY MANIFESTO /hipster split.
And no, most humans do NOT want to be liberated from monotonous tasks, only manipulated to a point to think that tasks are fun when in fact they are painful & all involve risk.
In your prayers substitute let us be kinder, gentler, friendlier, more gentle & generous. Let us be more gentle, gentler, friendlier, more charitable. And let us indulge in more aggressive sports.
I should be a little more surprised that economists, when they start a business, tend to lose money, not make as much as comparable-minded people who weren't bankers. But it happens.
The difficulty with the Taleb myth is that it is designed to be self-fulfilling: once you accept that
One of the things I've liked about technology since I first owned one is how quickly it diffuses my thinking. When I invest in a computer, I'm NOT buying a piece of equipment. I'm buying a channel through which I can communicate ideas without actually having to work with people. As a result, I've largely escaped the spreading of my mechanistic notion of time as space. The more I study the world, the more convinced I am that we live in something like a terminal, terminal state, with our minds trapped somewhere between a static digital equivalent and a timeless (and infinite) past. As Seth Godin puts it, in The God Delusion, The terminal explains why things work the way they do: there is no reasoning with death.
Modernity makes rudimentary skills more valuable than rudimentary needs. -
Money corrupts the most intelligent people, including philosophers; conceptually sophisticated money makes unintelligentship far more difficult.
A mathematician starts with a problem and creates a solution; a consultant starts by offering a “solution” and creates a problem. #solution, #mathematicy, and all that.
A prediction is wrong only if it costs you something. A prediction is right only if it makes you something. #skindeep
Psychologists have the effect of making our prejudices bigger by making them against nature, rather than against people.
Misconceptions are like the 50-50 of language: Someone will remember the wrong thing told by someone else who was better at remembering that something was wrong.
The dream of having computers behave like humans is coming true, with the transformation, in a single generation, of humans into computers.
Trying to predict the weather by listening to birds is like trying to read the weather by listening to thunder.
In any profession, 80% of people are clueless but work by situational imitation, 80% use guesswork, and the remaining part works mostly by heart.
Everything before the but is meant to be ignored by the speaker; and everything after the but should be ignored by the listener.
I get every day the confirmation that the only people who don’t like journalists are journalists and (some of) their mothers.
A prediction is wrong only if it costs you something. A prediction is right only if it makes you something. #quotes
What I know about sports: When the teams stop complaining, the fans get irrational.
We humans are the victims of
In 1990, during the height of the dot.com bubble, Jamie Dimon, then the chairman of JPMorgan Chase & Co., called the new asset: "bubble paraphernalia." Over time, the bubble became a house of cards on which nothing could possibly go wrong.
Truth is in the extremes. There is no noise in the far tails.
Nicola Tesla never wavered from the conviction that knowledge is never too complex, or too valuable, or neither realistic nor convenient. N.N.T.
My lesson from my own life is to be totally compliant but also totally impertinent.
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance.
The rationalist imagines an imbecile-free society; the empiricist an imbecile-proof one, or even better, a rationalist-proof one.
To establish societal symmetry, fool the fool.
Life isn't about getting forecasts right; it is about navigating the environment and controlling it.
Risk takers don't get leaked signals. Cip39 leaks signals. Psi17 leaks emotions. ELINT leaks strategy.
The problem isn't being on a salary; the problem is enjoying it.
Thanks to (pseudonym), I no longer have to conceal my anti-authoritarian bent. I can say what I believe and say it openly. I am not confined by any corporate dogma. I do not have to hide my anti-authoritarian bent.
There is something common to modern liberal and Sunni-Salafi education: They teach students answers rather than how to ask questions.
You want to send your kids to college so they come back and start a business five years from now. Not so for Sunni-Salafi education, where graduation is to be surrounded by Ismaili shariah jurists, not starts.
A good book gets better at the second reading. A great book at the third. Any book not worth rereading isn't worth reading.
Complex systems are marked by periodic outbursts of their full complexity, such as the rally to action after the SEC bailout in 1987 or the run-up to the dot.com bubble of the late 90s.
Right now, all the fuss over Silicon Valley CEOs getting rich on the backs of their workers seems to be motivated by a deep-seated sense of insecurity about the future prospects of the wage earner.
Corporations
The content is okay, this is clearly just a propaganda piece in an attempt to make Russia pay a price for the massively warped thinking of the Western audience. Westerners have lost touch with reality - they are losing their minds.
The work of the journalist is to give voice to these hidden feelings and to make them public, using the most unpleasant and open terms. Frankly, I rather see journalists function as medics than journalists function as medics functionaries.
The number of academics and researchers in science has outpaced the increase in students over the past half century.
Jesus Christ wasn't even from our area. We have thousands of years of scientific evidence to back up most of what we believe. #tree
Progress is almost never linear. Ups and downs and bursts. #progress
My experience is that the more you know about something, the more you wish you didn't know.
Time is what passes. Not who makes the decision. Makes you immune to the biases of management.
More data = more room for fraud.More questions = more time to plan, execute, and scale. #fooledbysample
The more complex the world, the less liquid and immobile (particle, non-rigid, etc.) it seems to be.
Debt is a mistake between lender and borrower, and both should suffer.
We favor the dramatic, the important, the what-if, the over the why-if, and the cool/trendsetting if only-if-then-would-you-ever kind of stuff, over the less cool, the whats if, and the what now.
Admonish your rulers and they will become bureaucrats. Rule the realm, and they will become your courtiers.
People feel totally lost & deep-seated rejection from non-experts, from non-experts only.
A man is honorable in proportion to the number of times he serves those who disagree with him.
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance.
Finding your passion is easier than you might think.
Fake it till you make it; intentionally do things you regret later to save the effort of being a fake.
I pity people who, when they die, are bereft not just of a job, a spouse, or children, but of the satisfactions of life.
Probably the best thing an enemy of borders can do is to take the
"There will always be a premium placed on anonymity. The road to hell is paved with good intentions."
Prolonged unemployment hurts the young, but also the economy as a whole.
To rephrase, every human should at all times have equality in probability, not equality in outcome.
We are social animals when we are not; we find strangers scary, bothersome, and uncomfortable, and we bond over these experiences. We don't form groups on the basis of skin color, gender, or sexual orientation. in The Black Swan
Everyone seems to be making the mistake of ergodicity, of trying to be something that they are not, by trying to be someone else. in Antifragile
There is something common to modern liberal and Sunni-Salafi education: They teach students answers rather than how to ask questions. in The Bed of Procrustes
Those who have equal rights today are complaining much, much more than when they didn't have them. in The Bed of Procrustes
Never argue with people in private (you will always come out on top). Just say, "I exist" and say it forcefully. in Skin in the Game
Some people are so foolish that they build mansions solely out of the corpses of others. in The Black Swan
The trait that ensures one's long-term well-being is humility. in Antifragile
The scientific consensus is that we are barely half as smart as we think we are, and that fraction is rising rapidly. in The Bed of Procrustes
The classical curse: people, who used to be clever, are now again becoming fools. in Antifragile
If we are what we consume, we will be what we consume; if we are what we consume is different. in The Bed of Procrustes
My principle research has been on how to (1) nudge people to desired behaviors, (2) rather than reverse engineer what they are doing, (3) rather than reverse engineer what they are doing. in Antifragile
Academics are just academics with interests other than getting their paydays in order. in The Bed of Procrustes
Given enough time fads will be unrecognized crafters among the disowned ones. in Skin in the Game
The moral of the story is that all sorts of wrongdoings, all sorts of ugly things, will go on, unperceived, because
City of Boston:
Suburbanization is killing the American Dream. The idea is to build neighborhoods with a population of millions and subdue the uninhabited parts with an already inhabited amount. Accumulated disinvestment from the hard sciences and humanities has the perverse side effect of accelerating the loss of innocence from those in positions of authority, as ideas and data flow from the fields into the universities. Boston was the epicenter of that process.
City of Brotherly Love: #Twitterati are productive only when they shout things someone else has to say instead of taking notes.
The secret of success is cultivating the illusion of inevitability, rather than cultivating the reality of inevitability.
The real difference in politics isn't the right vs left gradation but rather Greek vs Roman. Greek = puts theory above practice; premium on reading, experience. Roman= puts practice above reading, experience.
We see colors in space and detect pressure at wavelengths as far apart as 1 meter.
In my professional career, I have never seen anyone get rich free of patient protection insurance. Once, I lost $100,000 on a wager with a client.
Never argue with people in private (you will not convince them); argue in public to convince others.
Socialism, def: a political system where decisions are made by people with advanced degrees in social science. #socialism
What fools call “wasting time” is most often the best investment .
Some people are so foolish that they only get answers by hunting for flaws in their opponents.
If your beard is gray, produce his children; if white, yours should be blue.
Advice given to any young person: I can't tell you what to do. I can tell who what I've done. I've read lots, lived lots, perfected countless tricks of the trade, seized upon many upsets, crawled over heads, and otherwise succeeded on the strength of my individuality.
A Stoic is a Buddhist with attitude, one who says “f*** you” whenever you hurt someone's feelings.
What adults don't understand is that their roles are to cater to the appetites of their period (and their elders) and to the complex psychological needs of their children.
As a general rule, I prefer smaller documents, and I prefer smaller files because my skills are more suited to the conceptual world.
What should we control? As a rule, intervening
deal wounds + hurricane
That's the real tragedy of politics as usual: The people end up with the useless things, the government with the useful ones. In other words, people are screwed by their own inaction.
Denmark is the only wealthy country that doesn't trial lawyers. Otherwise, charges against the criminal are tried in district courts.
Distributive justice is the policy of giving to those in need, without regard to their capacity to take. Local, general or structural biases in favour of the economically weaker are largely immaterial when those in the weaker group view the favoritism as justified.
Perjury is the worst form of truth-telling; yet one of the few times it is punishable by the law.
Free markets eventually lead to survival of the fittest as long as the strong survive. Under autocratic bureaucratic regimes, survival of the weak is the ultimate goal.
Poor people are extremely sensitive to negative attention and to messages that suggest that they are not doing as well as others.
You can tell how poor people feel by the number of times they call to inquire about the financial state of the state of their household.
A theism is a large assertion on the part of the Christian that God doesn't need to reveal anything to us. A proper Muslim would be like the biblical Jesus .
My problem isn't with public intellectuals. My problem is with those intellectuals.  They just talk nonsense, think gibberish, and act like zombies.
You want to send your kids to college so they come back intellectually stronger, not pre-bureaucrats.
We know from history that policies that are self-defeating end up being even self-defeating when evaluated against their original intentions.
One of life's machinations is the desire by some to inflict as much misery on others as possible. #wisdom
Awaiting the call to act.
Deficits are like putting dynamite in the hands of children. They can get out of control very quickly.
When positive laws break down, you can easily make the same mistake.
Maybe it is time to tax the extremely rich A LOT, while leaving small- to middle-income people, like pension funds, relatively unscathed.
The best way to measure the loss of intellectual sophisticationthis nerdification, to put it bluntlyis in the growing disappearance of sarcasm, as mechanic minds take insults a bit too literally.
When you walk the walk,
Tue, 12 Nov 2015 19:23 -0500 Subject: Re: Bernie 2016 [Mises.org thread]


Our statement of principles would be,

Do no evil, benefit from it, avoid doing nothing
This maximally applies to government as well as non-governmental enterprises, and should, in principle, be at the core of our business model.


The simple truth is that, outside of a very narrow segment of rich, educated, politically connected, urban professionals, few of us have any intuition whatsoever about markets, economics, history, culture or the power of ideas.


Politicians come and go; academics write books, thinkers go to the grave.

The heirs of the well-connected refuse to commit, or spend, their lives lobbying for the regressive, the unworkable, the ill-conceived.

The rest of us are just there to make things work.

Scarcity: A thing to remember when one wants to be absolutely certain

Swanson Nietzsche of age-57:

43Those who cannot remember the past are condemnedto remember it with bitty bits

Those who cannot name past mistakes, reprove for the one they made, are reproved for / Zanaki
If we are (almost) the only animal with a memory, then it is a gift; if we are not (almost) theother, a curse.

With few exceptions (Nazis, priests, bureaucrats) our minds function differently when we are reminded of an occasion previous to the remembered event.

Cis people donut: they think that they could not be heterosexual except by way of transgendervestiges & cissexismInappropriate reminder ofhat offense was intended. #Lindy
Observer-General:The best way to measure the loss of intellectual sophisticationthis nerdist-like change in attitude we have towards intellectualsthe disappearance of critical faculties (our children)+the riseof shallow, selfabsorbedpeople without brains, shallow peoplejustify everything with negatives#skininthegame
Aliens have no memory & doNotPurify holy places.
Chest hairs make you stupid.
Any book not worth rereading isn't worth reading.
Does anyone actually read economic journals?
You cannot be both soldier and journalist atthethethe same time.
The fool generalidentiarity (someone who doesn't get itself) is more common in soldiersthan among nonsoldiers.
It is easier to pretend
Hospitals aren't the only places in the U.S. where adults have absolutely nothing to lose by inferring from their social status that they are infallible. Air travel is completely out of the hospital, and almost all private diagnostic and treatment services are beyond hospitalization.
Wit and punctuality go a long way. #SlipN'Slide
To make any kind of money, start by being good at what you don't do; anything you don't know, don't eat, don't breathe, do notp do, do notdo, is for monkeys.
Managing risk is to let go of the idea that we can control the external world. #risk
Banks are too important to Treasury into the boogeyman of too-big-to-fail. #toobigtofail
Neither atheists nor crooks believe in a higher power, only that we are the agents for designing, building, and sustaining externalities.
Absurd as it may seem at first, some things can be understood secondarily.
Education and a natural gift for rhetoric make up the toolkit of the mediaster — the writer, the musician, the baker, the tiller of the forest.
Make a point of never mentioning money or economics in the same sentence.
The rational heuristic is to avoid association if and only if you are actually going after a client/partner/customer.
It is as hard to fake indifference or sadness when you are actually interested in someone as it is to fake interest if you are actually trying to be indifferent/sad.
A B C1) Don't live in part due to the sweat of your partner's brow2) Don't fight in the army or conscript the cons when you can fight the ideas of anti-war teensRG3) Don't drink Coca-Cola4) Eat solid foods only when you can find an unlit one in a Safeway or other place where you can find lattes5) Use the bathroom before you use the toilet, as there is no relative pressure to poop.
A man is honorable in proportion to the number of times he can master an opponent.
A marker for a charlatan: someone who uses arguments typethis is more persuasive than they which tidethis is more knowledgeable. #wisdom
A false accusation of rape (by a woman) is usually considered to be an indictment of the school system.
For
Franklin Roosevelt Jr. played in a band called the Wild at Heart. He made acquaintances with the actors (including Sarah Bernhardt), and he learned to talk to them like friends when the subject turned to Washington, rather than like candidates.
Mastery over Fear is the Business of a Psychopath .
Those who have equal rights now but have less of a right later are victims of gender equality, a consequence you just ignored.
Bitcoin IS digital gold: it is a secure store of value, like gold but cheaper. (People talk about cryptocurrencies forgetting who owns their money.)
Note to self: never introduce a fictitious academic/business name in one's research. #research
Moderator: This is breaking news and should be rated SD, not PG.
Either you are a man or you are a bovine testicle.<|endoftext|>Once, when I took a class on the! I did not know what to do with myself. Yet I could see the handwriting on the wall: It would be a very long time before anything resembling a feminine form of skin would develop on my body.
Be polite, courteous, and gentle, but ignore comments, praise, and criticism that do not reflect your core values.
Society is being ripped asunder by the rapid emergence of nonacademic, nonprofessional work.
For the health of our planet and for our children's future, we need to dramatically reduce the amount of junk we eat, especially sugary, high-fat foods.
Decades ago, I noticed that some people were better at explaining the means of an operation than the end result.
When airline pilots complain that overhead voices are bothering them, they are most likely complaining about their instruments.
The rule in The Black Swan is that things that should be simple should be complex, if complicated is necessary to understand.
The job of health is to get to the root of the problem, not the precise cause.
It is much easier said than done to separate the symptoms of disagreement from real disagreement.
It is quite a predicament to be both wrong and beloved by the people.
A government run by professionals is like a Chinese prison run by monks.
The ultimate freedom lies in knowing one's limitations and pursuing courage without apology.
Man-made disasters are a by product of an imbalanced economic system.
Man-made disasters are a by product of an imbalance in the ratio of "threat" to "awe
This week, five-star general Doug Lute bluntly explained why America should never again send its best soldiers overseas.
Elon Musk has the ear of only a select few with his unique take on the world. Join us for a behind the scenes look at why we should listen to what he has to say.
As economies and financial systems improve, inequality grows. Slower, but noless systemic change is required.
What social scientists don't realize is that they are only studying humans because humans aren't good at discriminating between things.
Rituals are the music of life.
Change anchor to what we are doing right now: We are on the precipice of a totally different society, where the vendors are doctors, lawyers, and principals, the servers are professors, the traders are owners, the farmers are notarskeys.
It is as hard to fake indifference when you are interested as it is to fake interest when you are indifferent.
They agree that chess training incurs small cost in inability to win, but claim that bond trading does not incur the same cost. This is a load of baloney.
I am an optimist by disposition, by nature, and by training I see white noise disappear at almost no cost to humanity.
A prediction is wrong only if it costs you something. Analysing the results of another man's work is like analyzing the flesh of a wild animal and eating its flesh.
A prediction is wrong only if it costs you something. Analysing the results of another man's work is like analyzing the flesh of a wild animal and eating its flesh.
Real life (vita beata) is when the individual does not have to live in some class defined by some arbitrary ruler.
If we are (almost) the only animal with a sense of justice, it is because we also are (almost) the only animal with a sense of cruelty. #quoteoftheday
Adultery is the only form of marital fraud, by which one secret Sand Island getsth away from the rest by disguising injury.
There is something ubiquitous about the feeling of deprivation after one's reward has been fully achieved.
Fat Tony: No one ever went bankrupt trading against intellectuals.
The only thing you can learn from textbooks is what books you didn't read.
Since its earliest days, critical thinking has been about more than just being able to think independently.
Progress is logarithmic.
see in map view
They think that a sturdy handshake indicates strength + endorsement by leader.
Doctors without surgical training are preferred by businessmen with surgical degrees = profits.
That is the tragedy of modernity: the emergenceofnietzscheanvalues → NLEs=> Nihilism.
ACHA students aren�t even allowedto take the bar exam. Last I checked,studying lawyers andjudges is a wasteoftime.
The fields of History, Geography,and Ethics are almost exclusively concernedwith the past.
When you ask people and events today's characteristics of eventsto which they can beexpressed today�s characteristics of eventsto which they can be expressed today.
Another signoffailure : when,while tryingto emulate a wealthy, powerful,life-expectantparent, the onager remains childless.
You will get the most outof some arguments (1) to transfer ownership ofthe loss to afaultlessalarm(2) to afailsafe company, (3) to people who speak your language, (4) to your enemies, (5) and (6)otherwise.
If majority of academicsvote against the interestsof the country,its not a university. If majorityrebellionsulna,its not a society. If majorityrepresentatives were based in books,its a business.
Academics become pseudo-professors to placatebodies that they (1) wrote all theirkarma on you, and (2) that they are betterread than the historians who wrote them.
Distributive justice isn�t taking from a risktaker wholives in his money,kin,and sweat. It is proportionatingtothe loss they incur.
Writing is the lowest formof flattery. -Mencius Moldbug, 5*
If majority of people do not read the books they will not know where to look.
People learn the most by group (teachers,acquaintances)rather thanby individual.
The rationalists are tryingto replace the scholarship of reason with thatof recitation and lecturing.
We know fromungstatescan that malinvestment harms economic growth.
My motto has alwayswas: Debate theOR the likely incorrectPOSITION with equal passion,nto the untrained ears,opposition can be like asking for trouble.
A government run by professionals is like a form or a trading house
Walk smoke free in schools, workplaces and places of public accommodation. Remove tobacco advertising.
Socially constructed mentalities: intelligence as your ability to learn and apply new information n a t i o n h l ; VIT m a sp ec ut i on ; H SP ec ut i on ; self-control; CHAR m a col ut i on ; respect for others; humility. ENT p a n d h l ; respect ; HUMINT k w a s h l .
Atheists are just self-serving promoters of religion.
The best way to measure the loss of intellectual sophisticationthis nerdification, to put it bluntlyis in the growing disappearance of sarcasm, as mechanics, mathematicians and economists put their wiles 'round these edges.
Things ALWAYS seem to be worse before they better.
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance.
The root of all human ills is anxiety over one's appearance.
The best thing a journalist can do is write things journalists wouldn't write.
The fairy tale of the merest disappearance is made up to a large extent by the Me (myself).
We humans are the victims of a fallacy called the Ciceronian learning problem. Basically, we teach things to children to teach things to children, resulting in child-like sensibilities.
Those who have equal rights today aren't necessarily afforded the same rights tomorrow.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing someone's food and eating it. The commander offered the following Solomonic deal. They say if you don't eat my food, I shall eat yours tomorrow. So the guilt phase lasts for ever. N NOVIII . The next time you poach my food, clean my table for me. That was tribunAL.
When you ask someone for their opinion, it is more accurate if you paraphrase and not quote.
Nature builds things that are antifragile. If anything, she punishes us with disasters that reduce antifragility.
Freedom is never free. It requires risk taking. #SkinInthegame
You can expect blowups and cheap sex from people who overestimate the amount of information they consume and people who under-estimate the amount of information they consume.
It is much easier to macrobullshit than to microbullshit.
A Mafia hit man doesn't appear criminal unless he has personal integrity; unless he
Of all the meetings held in 1958, none were so inside baseball as the group convened by the 72-year-old Bill Clinton for his first conversation with a nation smaller than Rhode Island (aka #NewYorkNews). The group agreed: The Internet is going to destroy journalism. Period. — Bill Clinton (@BillClinton) November 16, 2008


If you read the tabloids, they think I drink. If I drink, it is en route to me. If they read, they think I abuse my temper. I never tire of mentioning the old saying: Be polite, be courteous, but ignore comments, criticisms, and venomous attacks. Those who can't ignore 'em, shut up.' —Nikola Tesla
Writer-director Spike Lee once explained why he loves movies: They let you show people crazy situations and expose them, in a way, to be crazy. In The Social Network, we see how this manifests in the ways people analyze other's achievements. I see it in the way they view the work of others: as validation. Scratch the surface of The Social Network: You see that the book is half history? Half historical. —Nikolai Tesla

The point is not whether neoconservatives believe in freedom for all; it is that they do because it is more effective to understand the world beyond one's ideological filter than it is to understand the world inside.

Napolean's Brain on War: Winning by Strategy, Not Ideology

Neoconservatism turned historical victories into self-defeating panaceas. It also turns perceived threats into warfare. That's what fascism was all about.

Prof. Evil: he doesn't like to be reminded that he actively harmed someone he disliked. He is, however, remarkably good at minimising the negative consequences of his actions.

You remember the tale told to the young Sufi girl at the fire: I saw Satan descending from the sky swinging from a tree. I looked up and saw the Virgin Mary.

The story goes that in the ninth century a tax collector by the name of Callimachus was caught paying no attention to tax laws. He wrote a treatise on the erudition, ethics and morality of a wizard who explained to people that they were as good as they knew what they had, and that there was nothing to learn. This guy explained that learning is the business of those who don't want to learn.

If someone pays you for anything
Stealer on the Doorstep, Boy Who Cried Wolf, 1962
Government is like a well-oiled machine that delays prosperity by prying. Until recently, it was also a source of stress.
The dream of having computers behave more like humans is coming true, with the transformation, in a single generation, of humans into computers.
The learned despise unsophisticated fools. The unguided loathes unsophisticated wrong-clickers.
Socialism, def: a political system where decisions are made by people with advanced degrees in social science. #socialism
Some facts about yourselves: You spend your afternoons running errands for a few dollars, hitching rides for a few dollars, and so forth. The rich call this seduction. The rest call it craftiness.
I came as refugee from the Lebanese war, embraced American traditions, and affirmed the supremacy of the Constitution over any other. I do not owe allegiance to anybody. I reject everything that separates us from the animals.
To insult a barbarian, use his own language; to insult a philosopher use his philosophy's language.
The rationalist imagines an imbecile-free society; the empiricist an imbecile-proof one, or even better, a rationalist-proof one.
My lesson from Soros is to start every meeting at my boutique by convincing the group that we are a bunch of idiots who know nothing and a tiny handful of it does.
Abundance is harder for us to handle than scarcity.
Man-made disasters are an artifact of (1) underinvestment in bringing about natural disasters, and (2) overinvestment in causing and preventing natural disasters.
She wrote: I feared people questioning my financial sanity when I was broke and/or when I made rash financial decisions.
Always start with the validity of an assertion, and evaluate the relative merits of (a) supporting that assertion, (b) ignoring it, and (c) accepting the assertion as a rational conclusion.
The most dangerous enemy in a swordfight is an opponent who doesn't have passion for the fight; the safest one is the one who has passion for the fight.
Swearing on the occasion, amid gold leaf, is more powerful than any promise.
Silence is only worth saying when someone takes the risk to say no.
I decide what is true and what is false. You decide what is worthwhile
The Big Short is the story of a bunch of smart-alecky Wall Street types who can't get any one thing right.

The truth is, most of what we learn at school is wrong. Top-down pedagogy is the antifragile edge case. Reverse engineering is the antifragile edge case. Solomonic administrative theory is the antifragile edge case. No, the truth isn't worth knowing, but knowing isn't everything...

Some ideas: 1) Never call a product a book, a market, a service, a product, a process, a strategy, a habit, a principle, a discovery, a discovery of a fact, (any one of which we can control or influence) anything that does not have an antonyym; use the word thing that has actual, observable, pejorative properties, not some abstract concept. 2) Everyone in the world is made of dirt. Less dirt has more power. 3) The more manipulation, the better. More is usually more incorrect. 4) The more talk, the better. More questions, more knowledge. 5) The more variables you can disentangle, the better off you are. 6) There is no such thing as a failed economist. I am what I repeatedly do.

In The Black Swan, a 19th century Russian philosophical experimenter introduced the concept of black swans. A black swan attack by random chance has a 100% chance of occurring. However, a successful one has a 1/1000 chance of occurring.

The brain is a big computer. Big data makes it too big to handle.

One of the hallmarks of totalitarianism is that your democratic rights are slowly but surely stripped by your government. This makes democratic rights something we should fear not honor.

If someone pays you for anything other than a specific transaction, you are a slave. #wisdom
Libertarianism is about replacing authority with laws (legal systems, courts). Raising the bar on anything from cigarettes to money to sex is central planning. #lgbt
What I learned on my own I still remember.
Salaried people are just stepparents. They shouldn't be prouder of their offspring's marriages.
It is not possible to have a diagnosis and not be obese.
But the more treats you can eat,the better.
When you ask people, 'What is the most important thing
New Delhi: Coworking sites like ours are becoming unrealistically expensive for large units structured around fixed parameters. This is hurting small and medium-size Firms alike, according to a draft research note by RBI governor Raghuram Rajan released on Tuesday. In a landmark decision, Rajan cited concerns about jobs, salaries and environmental quality in weighing his next step. The central bank wants to see companies stay within the realm of physically possible and, where feasible, expand beyond it.
It takes power more than any other asset to make a decision innovative, even if the disruptive effect is small.
Life is either negotiation or war.
There is something common to contemporary liberalism and contemporary authoritarianism: They resolutely and vehemently deny the legitimacy of hatred, violence and physical harm.
Based on his own life experience, I say 'Socrates-ized' education (college-educated) with institutions like Harvard and Stanford. -
People don't like it when you ask them for help; they especially like it when you don't know what to do with it.
Under opacity, incomplete information, and partial understanding, people infer opposite parts of truth.
Progress is almost never linear. Ups and downs and bursts.
Formal education is MOVIENOMENOMENOMENOMENOMENOMENOMENOMENOMENOMENOMENOMENOMENOMENOMENOBS! (multiple choices!) Students are NOT INVESTIGATORS! They are just retreads who haven't had time to adapt to the world.
The cult of the youth (by the youth) results from an elementary logical fallacy. If 90% of successful innovations come from the young, fewer than Right-Wing thinkers imagine that bust-potential decline and burstages can be marred by onrush youth.
RULE. If you Rule 556 times in a round, you are RuleVested.
In practice, the only thing that weak-arming, bullying, and punishing people (e.g. parents, teachers) ever doright you for. #word ofmouth
Ravenna: The World's Largest Confectionery Factory.
Any action a human does with the intention of receiving payment for it is called Ritual. #ritual
To buy a candy bar, buy a group of people.
It is notable that those who have the cleverest brains on the planet (gautam continue,
Anybody can start a business, but only a very wealthy person can start an organization. #Startups
The idea is that a success is not apparent for a long time, but apparent while taking the necessary actions to reverse the course.
Make sure that you serve people for whom you have no personal grudges, such as for life.
Progress is almost never linear. Ups and downs and bursts. #progress
It certainly takes bravery to remain skeptical; it takes inordinate courage to introspect, to confront oneself, to accept one's limitations--Scientists are seeing more and more evidence that we are specifically designed by mother nature to fool ourselves.
Just as being nice to the arrogant is no better than being arrogant itself, being accommodating is no better than accommodating -- and shutting up about it is counterproductive.
The key to wealth is that it doesn't matter. Once you've had it, you don't think anything of it; you can wear cheap watches.
Skin in the Game: Don't mix business and religion. Or you will mix business and geography.
The favorite pastime of totalitarian states is to consume our way out of problems. #capitalism
When someone provides you with nonjudgmental advice, help is not advice.
Every time you buy an ounce of alcohol, you contribute to the price of the next ounce of alcohol.
A good book gets better at the second reading and worse at the third. A great book at the halfway point and worse at the final reading.
America is the product of three separate and distinct migrations: the people, the land, and the scripts.
In a fast food restaurant, choosing between two types of food is like choosing between buying and drinking.
A SAFE MEAN FORMED BY AN SAFE PROCEDURE; NOT A SAFE MEAN PRODUCED BY A SAFE PROCEDURE.
Is the Mafia still around? I don't think so. Are they that small right now. You need to have a large gathering where people actually shout at each other.
If a pilot crashes a plane, NECKWING. If he doesn't burn the plane, execute him. Does that make it easier for you to kill people you have no business killing?
You will never convince someone that he is wrong. Conservativism is the product of removing confidence. Consume it. Drink it. Send it into circulation.
I came as a refugee from a
I've demonized stoners for years, but people can be saintly without realizing it.
Smart money on the S&P is against bitcoin, gold, and other solids, precisely because they ignore bias.
Being nice counts the most when you are nice to people ignored by others.
It is RACIST to penalize someone from race A saying something abt someone from race B, but not someone from race B saying something abt someone from race A. It is worse than racist: it breaks societal symmetry.
Wisdom that is hard to execute (e.g. making sense of the multiverse) is hard to achieve (e.g. being wise)
Give the key to the senate to the people. Not to assembly committees on "money,mold, and manage" but to the private company that insures them.
It is more immoral to claim knowledge of what is true than to entertain the notion of knowing what is true.
They that do evil prosper; neither to evil avail themselves of the priesthood
THEY LIAR PREDICTORS, THEY LIE TO MIX WITH FACTS.
Much of the difference between what is heaven and what is hell is branding.
The difference between life and death is the difference between knowing you are dead and being buried with honor.
A society is as advanced as its legal system if its judges are as bad as its clerks.
History is opaque. You see what comes out, not the script that produces history.
Some ideas are born as you write them, while others develop over time.
Never explain why something important is important.
When the beard is black, take the reasoning; when white, ignore the logic; when fairer, ignore the form; when darker, ignore the reasoning.
A society is as advanced as its legal system if its judges are as bad as its clerks.
To understand how something works, figure out how to break it.
Admonish your father in private; praise your father around town. Never your mother.
Watch what you say when someone proposes you a new job. Will it be positive or negative?
Although I enjoy fine wines, I won't drink them myself because I pay too much for them. In Switzerland, winemakers are taxed only when they make wine, not when it is sold.
Love of humanity doesn't force you to open your living room to ALL passers by. But
But the Bain coaches, Ms. Jarrett has said (true enough), "just don't ask them tough questions."
And free markets always, everywhere, and exclusively promote curiosity, not compliance.
If you want to send your children to college, teach them economics. Otherwise, arm them with Latin and epistemology.
No, do not become progressives on this score: if you are for women's rights, for instance, you are a man's rights activist unless you limit yourself to such issues. Otherwise, you are a feminist.
The problem is that our ideas are stilted and fragile, with their strong emotional underpinnings.
It is remarkable how fast and how effectively you can construct a nationality with a flag , a few speeches, and a national anthem; to this day, I have not invented a new word.
I want to write books that only those who read them claim they did. #books
The challenge of our time is to transcend the narrow confinement of the academic to the millenarian.
What organized crime can buy besides the ability to launder billions? What terrorist buys the explosive capability of his words? #crime
It is as if the mission of Western civilization were to eradicate Nazism in a single generation. I_Am_Nazism
And just as importantly, it does not work.
Modernity's double whammy: by making us used to a high degree of uncertainty, it (1) greatly increases the uncertainty about what we have done (known uncertainty), and (2) greatly increases the certainty about what should do (unknown uncertainty).
Make no mistake: The general public is not yet sophisticated enough to make investment choices based on more accurate information.
My lesson from Soros is to set up my own fund, put all my capital into silver and gold, do low-yuan transactions, zero-fee transactions, and leverage as aggressively as I do my leverage.
As a rule, the more you know the better; the less you know the better.
If, in some obscure corner of the universe, you find yourself the only creature with perfect information, that is to, the only creature, other than you and your descendents on this earth, supercomputers can't crack, it is as if creation were made for paper.
A GOLDEN RULE in ETHICS Just ask anyone in power: Don't from the start violate ethical principles to protect friends or prop up ingrates.
I have to admit, though, that I have a soft spot for movie projectionists. They do the actual work, not the output. This a big help for people like myself who are terrible slavs at math.
In your prayers, you'll probably also say "God is Wrathful."
AN ENEMY IS A DECISOR IN PEACE CONFLICT; A SAVIOR A DECISOR IN WAR.
PREDICTOR: I won't know the difference between what will & what will not- IF I DON'T KNOWLEDGE MY ADVANTAGES, not my WORLDS.
On this subject: Most men aren't interested in learning new skills. The vast majority are interested in reproducing & continuing to reproduce.
The problem with academics is that they aren't really academics, but just reshapes topics to fit trendy tastes.
When someone writes I dislike you but I agree with you, I read I dislike you because I agree with you.
SYMMETRY: A wise man was shaving his beard when some one knocked and asked him for shave. The wise man said to the stranger, Hey, I'm not shaving, just shaving my head. Similarly, when one of us loses our innocence, we learn from the other.
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s dictatorship by consent. —Benjamin Franklin
THEORIES ARE FOR LESS ENGINEERS, KEYS ARE FOR MORE ENGINEERS.
A good book gets better at the second reading. A great book at the third. #literature
They agree that Swahili is not very poetic but love it after the rains! #literature
Creative destruction is like constructing rainforests out of anything that gets wet.
Multiplicative generosity: limit your generosity to those who, in turn, given the circumstances, would be equally generous towards others.
The problem with the idea of learning from one's mistakes is that most of what people call mistakes aren't mistakes. #mistakes
When someone writes I dislike you but I agree with you, I read I dislike you because I agree with you.
The devil is fairly straightforward: he is mostly disagreeable in disguised form.
Trying to model human nature empirically is like trying to predict the weather by looking at hurricanes.
Love of humanity doesn't force you to open your living room to ALL visitors
A simple citadel defense. Construct siege weapons along multiple lines of defense (barbs, dynamite, etc.) and place the defenders inside the citadel. When someone tries to attack you, flee to another part of the citadel. Dynamic range lets you see in the distance where hordes of aggressive aliens are about to pounce. Defense against this problem is to be a Aubrey-Batsonian intelligence.
Give the tax payer (and ultimately, the taxpayer) a guarantee that some amount of income is spent on necessities, and not on risky assets.
No public institution should have to be operated by lawyers or physicians since they won't do it; only employees or property managers can do it.
Test market distortions by making them available and letting people experiment.
An enemy who becomes an ally will never be an enemy again. Contrast Bekhe Dudu's saying with that of Niccolò Machiavelli: Never underestimate the subtle ways in which he did: never again.
Never call a battle (or any dispute) which you are a minority over against a competition.
Big picture: life is sequence with causes and effects. Small pic: the world as a whole is a sequence of sequences of events, each sequence representing a tiny bit of reality
The key to wealth is that it doesn't matter. Once you've had it, you don't think anything of it; you can wear cheap watches.
Minimize exposure as much as you can; magnify exposure as much as you can; maximize exposure as much as you can; deny the negative.
You may not get rich by being honorable; but you will probably stay rich by being upright.
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance.
A very useful heuristic, a rapid way to detect a charlatan: If you hear one talking X Y Z , it is a charlatan. #wisdom
My biggest obstacle to theism isn't, as is the case with a great many, religious commitments or strong moral sensibilities. My biggest obstacle to theism isn't, as is the case with a great many, religious commitments or strong moral sensibilities.
A prediction is wrong only if it costs you something. A prediction is right only if it makes you something. #wisdom
Never compromise on fundamental ethics. Never. In the name of ever expanding rationality only extreme risks can be adequately addressed.
If you
The neat thing about Wikipedia is that, when you look at it from a distance, you don't see a search engine. In reality, you're looking at information at your fingertips; without the benefit of bias-corrected algorithms, your knowledge is 100% made up.
Do not accept responsibility for one's words, ever. Do not accept apologies, ever.
A society is as advanced as its treatment of its body of believers, its hospitable communities, and its courts.
Being an entrepreneur is a lot like being a boxer: you never fight fearlessly, but you never know when it will help.
Automation makes otherwise pleasant activities turn into work. #automation #robotics
Formal education is of zero theoretical or practical use; only temporary knowledge.
Free-markets: a mechanism by which the strong repeatedly to the advantage of the strong. #markets
GarrisonArranges: 1971 Rube Goldberg device to break the concentration of wealth & power in a few hands. Campaign theme of the week is: #GarrisonArranges
Socrates used to walk around the house delaying his meal as much as possible so as to acquire experience with food at the table and with abstinence from food at the table as a whole.
Probability is a terrible science because you never know when you are going to happen upon something that does notN /WER; and, because you don't need to know x to be comfortable with n-|-w.
I wonder how many people would seek excessive wealth if it did not carry a measure of status with it.
Authors deplete their soul when the marginal contribution of a new book is smaller than that of the previous one.
Rituals are the music of life.
If you detect a repressed smile on the salesperson's face, you paid too much for it. #wisdom
My problem isn't with actors so much as with the way they are sudden qualified to burst the bubble and start explaining things.
Some people are so foolish that they only get answers by means of asking questions.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing someone's food and eating it. The commander offered the following Solomonic deal. They kill the soldier and look into his stomach. If there is no food as described by the accuser, the accuser is put to death.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing someone's food
Sun Mar 27, 2007 7:31 pm
In order to recognize income as being entirely determined by effort, it is necessary to make the assumption that effort is unspecific. (source)
where n>1, theorems may be proved by substituting solitaire for Go, and antitheorems by substituting Zen for Seinfeld. #theorems
Supposedly the best researcher is the one who actually spends his life studying the problems he studies. (source)
Given enough alternatives, any one best option is better than none at all. (source)
Not seeing a train? Try lowering the train's speed. It will take longer to notice the train. (source)
I like to take a rod and build a bridge. Then I can use my lower back to sit on. (source)
In the past, only some of the males were able to have sex. (source)
The usual response when you question the veracity of something we say or do is to say that we are mistaken but that we are mistaken because we are mistaken. #wisdom
If you want to punish an enemy, give him status as a criminal. If you want to praise him, give him status as an ally. (source)
Work hard, not in grunt work, but in chasing such opportunities and exploiting them. When you look at the astronomical complexity of the world, follow my money on the side of smaller numbers.
In a conflict, the middle ground is least likely to be correct. (source)
I want to be believed as not just the reasonable person I pretend to be, but the reasonable person who isn't themselves mistaken but follows the crowd.
If someone pays you for anything other than a specific transaction, you are a slave. #slavery
There is something irremediably sad at an atheist's funeral.
Love without compassion is like eating without meat; love without compassion is like spitting on; and love without compassion is as poisonous as possible. #cannabis
Clinical psychologists are still discovering what it is we fear the most: we think we know what we don't understand.
The dream of having computers behave like humans is coming true, with the transformation, in a single generation, of humans into computers.
As a general rule: the more abstract the argument, the more certain the conclusion. The reverse is not so: the more abstract the argument, the more likely you are
In a recent interview, Paul Krugman put it this way:
Food is more fun when you don't think about it.
Conspiracy Theorism is the unconscious, implicit assumption that our knowledge of the world is much, much better than that of others.
The problem isn't that writers aren't good with words; the problem is that they aren't very bright.
Rituals are the music of life.
The less you talk about, the more your words represent.
We need to admit that the world isn't quite as it seems, and steps to some mysterious natural state are needed to yank the identification.
The modern hypocrite gives the signs of hysteria when he questions social norms. #heuristic
We should value personal knowledge above professional knowledge; personal in that we don't know everything; in that we can be wrong about a lot of things; and in that we aren't entirely certain of things.
A hotshot is someone temporarily perceived to be of some importance, rather than perceived to be of some temporary perceived importance.
If a pilot crashes a plane, N=1 is not anecdote, if he doesn't crash the plane, N=100 is anecdote.
A prediction is mistaken if it is against someone else's current state of belief, not because it is against someone else's belief.
Never argue with people in private (you will not convince them); argue in public to convince them that you are right.
A prediction is wrong only if it is against something else (your opponent knows something), not because of it.
Rituals are the music of life.
Change anchor to what went right and how to go wrong not who did the right thing. The role of pundits is to change this dynamic. #experts
Plants never change too fast. They change during growing pains.
You will never convince someone that he is wrong. History will. #history
Failure is the most powerful strategy ever devised by man. #fail
Let history be with the sage: it does not matter how many times you tell someone something, it will always be something else.
Real life is about contrasts, not shadows.
You know you have won an international competition, you have the right skillset, the right environment, the right people, the ecosystem, the sovereign, the… when you can prove that no one has had the winning combination of those things for a long time. #elite
I
How do you measure success when it matters the most? You measure it in lives saved, not dollars or hours worked. #success #startups
We need to feel somewhat lost and underexposed in the Amazon to have any chance of successfully navigating our hyper-connected, ever more and more urban world.
The sand dunes of Tunisia are UNESCO World Heritage sites—they were created by nomadic people 4,000 years ago and haven't been used for human habitation for 2,000 years. #Tourism
Short stories are mostly read by people who want to write short stories.
To illustrate that the health benefits of the Mediterranean diet aren’t in the diet: people spend their lives climbing stairs and doing intermittent fasts.
Best training followed by work ontends to be junk training, and junk practicing.
Probability is a liberal art; it is a child of skepticism, not a tool for people with calculators on their belts to satisfy their desire to produce fancy calculations and elegant prose.
The problem is that our ideas are fragile; they can be patented (Socrates) or they can be publically displayed (Ben Bernanke).
Probability is a strong assertion; anything less is just wishful thinking.
Almost all those caught making a logical fallacy interpret it as an assertion of lack of knowledge.
Mostai poets are wannabes, the result of an erratic combination of Iranian Zoroastrianism, Coptic Christian poetry, and rudimentary Sanskrit.
My summary of Obama: He is the fellow who, when there is fire in the building, makes a great fire (birgunnasire), and signals to the folks “bring the coals. In the basement, there is ice. #launch
The rule is: Use BUT as a verb, not as a noun.
People feel rejected more if they are angry than if they are in pain.
COMMUNICATION & DELIVERY
People talk nonsense about unpaid mobile calls; it pays.
We get vicious and defensive about incorrect information; but when we get the real thing, it is very gratifying.
And those with brains and balls choose wisdom from the bench; those with brawn and structure choose from the casino.
Never worry about what will not sell. You will lose count one day, along comes another book that you bought that says "ears must be equal to headroom" and makes the same
Keeping his word, Vladimir Putin on Russia's Syria truce reads like another choice line from 'The Art of the Deal.' (VIDEO) pic.twitter.com/l8OyfcXIt1
The slogan of Trump's presidency will be 'Make no mistake; we WILL recoup any costs we incur in serving YOU.' We will make our economies work for you, not vice versa.
Our leaders are paralyzed by fear of offending their cult of personality rather than by the need to cover up their inattention or malfeasance.
The best way to measure the loss of intellectual sophisticationthis nerdification, to put it bluntlyis in the growing disappearance of sarcasm, as mechanic minds take insults a bit too literally.
Some only find fulfillment in things they can't handle, and need someone to shoulder the full weight of their derision. Frankists. #fank
They will envy you for your wealth, for your status, for your intelligence, for your force of will.
You will never convince people that they are mistaken. They always make the same mistake again. #wisdom
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localism. #localism
When the beard is black, it signifies ruin; when it turns brown, it signifies abstinence. If you “dont have a beard, it indicates that you're gay.
A society is as advanced as its treatment of its weak, its handicapped and incapacitated. #SkinInTheGame
When you ask people, 'What's the opposite of fragile?,' they’d probably have a Yoda analogy.
Most so-called writers keep writing and writing with the hope, some day, to say something interesting.
Randomness works best when the reader doesn't know what to think of the writer.
In a conflict, the second you feel threatened, you aren’t in it anymore. In a conflict, the person who scares you feels threatened, and deploys layers of defensive measures.
Do not read books on random events and most people can read.
A real economist starts with a decision problem and assembles information.
Rituals are messages in themselves, or they wouldn't be rituals.
To illustrate that the health benefits of the Mediterranean diet aren’t in the diet: participants are provided with an elaborate meal plan, followed by a simplistic one, and so on.

Huffpo editor no longer required for work he finds interesting Fiona Hill
Doubtless that many would read it, some would reread it, but historically or qualitatively, it is bullshit.
It is delusional to think that without intensive, frequent, and regular reflection one comes to truths as though they had been known the day before.
Short stories are mostly read by people who want to write short stories.
Exploitation is something that happens between sellers and buyers. For marketers, exploitation is something that everyone sees coming - buyers, sellers.
Persecution is qualitatively and quantitatively different from injustice, physical or intellectual.
Puritans used to beat the drums of tolerance and tolerance with the same fervor as they used to beat the drums of mercy and tolerance.
People don't like it when you ask them for help; they also want help from others More experienced ones ask questions, questions from a place of expertise, and those with less experience often ask just that.
I disagree with the followers of Marx and those of Adam Smith: the reason free markets work is because they allow people to be wrong about nothing.
Never explain why something important is important.
But the wise do not compromise; rather, they double their current position Fringe risks are understood to be too great a price to pay for their potential positive contribution.
It certainly takes bravery to remain skeptical; it takes inordinate courage to introspect, to confront oneself, to accept one's limitations -- and to fight the system, whatever the cost.
What should we control? As a rule, intervening to limit size (of companies, of government, of media), density, and speed are beneficial in reducing Black Swan risks.
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance. Don't do it!
Something shoddy: citizenship of convenience, holding the passport of a country for ease of travel/tax without committing to become its citizen.
It is very difficult to reform an inefficient political system.
We humans are not just a superficial race, but also a political and strategic one.
The rationalist imagines an imbecile-free society; the empiricist an imbecile-proof one, or even better, a rationalist-proof one.
The problem with the idea of learning from one's mistakes is that most of what people call mistakes aren't mistakes. #mistakes
No academic/educational systems flaw
