There are three types of people. 1) Those who say eliminating mosquitoes is a great thing, book a trip to Alaska/Siberia. 2) Those who reflect, & look at second order effects, particularly when those exist: the cause of the Great Famine under Mao. 3) Those who get convexity.
Saudi Barbaria will be doomed when shunning it becomes a form of virtue signaling.
Academics, when they leave academia become at best back-office support staff, not decision-makers. Not like the grocery store owner who owns his own risk. #risk
Figured out why 99% of academics have to be misfit, 3rd rate intellectually, by construction. You observe, say in probabilistic matters, yuuge inconsistencies. When you point it out to them, they require a reference. OK: write the fucking reference.
One only criterion for (material) success: not having a schedule. #success
When immigration is done by single individuals, it is immigration. When done by groups, it is invasion.
Advice given to any young person: I can't tell you what to do. I can tell who what I've done. I've instinctively never gotten into a zero-sum business, such as academia, sports, bureaucracy, etc. The mark of a zero-sum business is hierarchy. -
We should have a plan to eliminate Google.
And those with brains and balls become artisans/entrepreneurs. #entrepreneurship
Bitcoin: my answer to the repeated questions. No, there is NO way to properly short the bitcoin bubble. Any strategy that doesn't entail options is nonergodic (subjected to blowup). Just as one couldn't rule out 5K, then 10K, one can't rule out 100K.
Newspapers used to be written by journalists; they are now written for journalists.
There is something irremediably sad at an atheist's funeral.
Never read a book review written by an author whose books you wouldn't read.
Be polite, courteous, and gentle, but ignore comments, praise, and criticism from people you wouldn't hire.
Society is being destroyed by schools and college teachers. Your children are indocrinated by people who are doing what they are doing because of their limited intellect and practical skills. And the costs TO YOU of such indocrination are ballooning.
It is immoral to be in opposition to the market system and not live (somewhere in Vermont or Northwestern Afghanistan) in a hut or cave isolated from it.
It is as hard to fake indifference when you are interested as it is to fake interest when you are indifferent.
It took 5 volumes to get the main point: The main thread is that while there is inordinate uncertainty about what is going on, there is great certainty about what one should do about it.
A heuristic on whether you have control of your life: can you take naps?
You will get the most attention from those who hate you. No friend, no admirer and no partner will flatter you with as much curiosity.
You will never know if someone is an asshole until he becomes rich.
People focus on role models; it is more effective to find antimodelspeople you don't want to resemble when you grow up.
SITG is not just disincentives but, centrally, FILTERING. It bankrupts incompetent pple and remove them from the system so they stop harming others.
Never ask your client for advice.
It is RACIST to penalize someone from race A saying something abt someone from race B, but not someone from race B saying something abt someone from race A. It is worse than racist: it breaks societal symmetry. The same applies to gender.
A bureaucrat is judged by other bureaucrats. That's the root of the problem.
A good book gets better at the second reading. A great book at the third. Any book not worth rereading isn't worth reading.
The rationalist imagines an imbecile-free society; the empiricist an imbecile-proof one, or even better, a rationalist-proof one.
A prediction is wrong only if it costs you something. A prediction is right only if it makes you something. The rest is tawk. #skininthegame.
Being nice counts the most when you are nice to people ignored by others.
Monotheistic religion isn't so much about telling man that there is one God, so much preventing man from thinking that he is God.
LOCALISM,1 Governments come & go, bureaucrats stay. Ministries & agencies aren't run by ministers & transitory figureheads, but by a deep local microstate of civil servants who have been there for decades & own the inside. Worse: EPA was run by Monsanto, FAA by Boeing.
If you want to punish an enemy, help put him on a pedestal. He will hurt himself falling from it. #wisdom
Psychologists use IQ to politely put people & entire races in boxes with the label idiots, and stick them there for a lifetime. They ruin people's careers and potentials. Politely. I call psychologists (& IQ mountebanks) idiots to their face. Not politely.
Isocrates' Dynamic #SkinInTheGame Conduct yourself toward your parents as you would have your children conduct themselves toward you.
The sucker problem is to think that those for whom you feel compassion would also feel compassion for those weaker and more afflicted than they are.
If you detect a repressed smile on the salesperson's face, you paid too much for it. #wisdom
It is remarkable how fast and how effectively you can construct a nationality with a flag , a few speeches, and a national anthem; to this day I avoid the label Lebanese, preferring the less restrictive Levantine designation.
Someone said We need more women in academic philosophy. But we also need more men in academic philosophy.
Actually almost everything I've written that has survived was written when I didn't try to get anything done.
God created Monte Carlo and similar places so extremely rich people would come experience extreme envy.
Much of the difference between what is heaven and what is hell is branding. #marketing
Information is antifragile; it feeds more on attempts to harm it than it does on efforts to promote it.
An economist is a mixture of 1) a businessman without common sense, 2) a physicist without brain, and 3) a speculator without balls.
When as****les call you arrogant, you are on the right side of ethics.
When someone writes I dislike you but I agree with you, I read I dislike you because I agree with you.
Unpublished pictures are worth a lot more than published ones. #NationalEnquirer #UmbertoEcosLibrary
If you want people to buy a book tell them it's overrated (Bed of Procrustes) Buy houses they call overpriced; read books called overrated; invest in markets called irrational; do things you enjoy that they can't explain. #heuristic
Bitcoin is the beginning of something great: a currency without a government, something necessary and imperative.
A man without a heroic bent starts dying at the age of thirty.
The bottom half has been typically screwed by the middle class. That's the entire story of Rome.
Conspiracy theorizing reflects minds evolved enough to see patterns, but insufficiently to prune out the spurious. #FooledbyRandomness
The opposite of success isn't failure; it is name dropping. [Bed of Procrustes]
Nietzsche's Master-Slave morality in modern terms: Reputation is for slaves. Honor, Courage, & Integrity is for the Self-Owned. #wisdom
The only way you can convince rentseekers [bankers/academicobureaucrats] is showing them that it is in their own INTERESTS to change their mind. When against their interests, make it painful for them by 1) convincing OTHERS, 2) continuously exposing, 3) humiliating them
In the United States, large corporations control some members of Congress. All this does is delay the corporation's funeral at our expense.
Truth is in the extremes. There is no noise in the far tails.
The same past data can confirm a theory and its exact opposite! If you survive until tomorrow, it could mean that either a) you are more likely to be immortal or b) that you are closer to death.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing someone's food and eating it. The commander offered the following Solomonic deal. They kill the soldier and look into his stomach. If there is no food as described by the accuser, the accuser is put to death.
I have some free time during the Christmas vacation. Are you interested in visual quotes from ?
You can tell people who come from countries w/rent seeking; they think that business is zero-sum: wealth is money taken from others.
It is said that the best horses lose when they compete with slower ones and win against better rivals. Undercompensation from the absence of a stressor,inverse hormesis, absence of challenge, degrades the best of the best.
The intellectshual world is populated by a collection of people who are much better at explaining than understanding.
Intelligence consists in ignoring things that are irrelevant.
A Stoic is a Buddhist with attitude, one who says “f*** you” to fate.
General Principle: the solutions (on balance) need to be simpler than the problems.
We tend to define rude less by the words used (what is said) than by the status of the recipient (to whom it is addressed).
A Kafkaesque World. With the inquisition spirit & the criminalization of politics, you will soon wake up every morning with the question: Which rule I didn't know existed did I violate yesterday?
Mediocre minds are outraged by small insults but passive, subdued, and silent in front of very large ones. From Bed of Procrustes.
Study something old but not visibly useful (classics), something modern and useful (accounting, coding), never something new and not visibly useful.
I treat my friends as temporary pre-enemies, my enemies as temporary pre-friends, and my post-friends as permanent enemies. The Bed of Procrustes
If majority of academics vote Democrat, it is not random: they 1) don't have skin in the game, (others take risks for them) 2) are not productive members of society but want to lecture others on what to do 3) have steady income etc.
Never never compromise. Say it the way it is.
If your private life conflicts with your intellectual opinion, it cancels your intellectual ideas, not your private life.
You can change the mind of someone who says no; never the minds of those who say nothing.
Solution for the Christmas binge: Fast 45 hours, visit the gym during the fast, and you are done. #christmas
In real life exams someone gives you an answer and you have to find the best corresponding questions. #success
It takes a certain type of person to waste intelligent concentration on classroom/academic problems. These are lifeless bureaucrats who can muster sterile motivation. Some people can only focus on problems that are REAL, not fictional textbook ones.
My father once told me: Never antagonize Jesuits; their erudition is so wide and so deep they know things you'll never suspect they know.
Psychologists have the illusion that I am writing this critique of IQ for them. No. Never argue theology w/a Salafi Sheikh. Psychologists are the losers in & out of campus. I am writing to expose the lack of rigor of these metrics to intelligent scientists & Fat Tonies.
You can't industrialize, commoditize, & scale knowledge without destroying it at is core. Scholarship is fundamentally an artisanal-style pursuit.
Some clarity: DEFENSE is when you defend your country at, or near, your borders. Not when you fight people several time zones away. Find another name for this DEFENSE spending.
Being arrogant towards a fraudster in power = iconoclast. Being arrogant towards a regular person = psychologist.
The idea of #skininthegame is that people judged by reality and P/L, instead of peers or supervisors, are vastly more open-minded.
Educated in 1860 was educated Today educated is starting to be overeducated & brainwashed, just like overfed, overprotected, & overmedicated. #education
I woke with this conclusion from Skin in the Game: 1) Things work thanks to a handful of people; the rest operates by situational imitation, narrow mimicry, and semi-conscious role-playing.
The best researcher is the one who hates academia, the best politician the one who hates politics, best bureaucrat one who hates bureaucracy. #bureaucracy
In a long career, I've (almost) never seen anyone get rich while employed (via bonuses/stock options, as w/bankers, CEOs, & rich slaves), & subsequently also make money on their own, in self employment. If you can't make it on your own, it's #rentseeking.
For the classics philosophical insight was the product of a life of leisure; for me a life of leisure is the product of philosophical insight.
When people say I am investing for the long term, it means they are losing money.
The French have a distinction mathematician vs. matheux. + The mathematicia(e)n is like someone who composes music; doesn't have to perform, be good w/instruments. Invents math. + The matheux is someone who plays an instrument; can be a virtuoso but doesn't compose music.
Capitalism is about adventurers who get harmed by their mistakes, not people who harm others with their mistakes.
Probability is the intersection of the most rigorous mathematics and the messiest of life.
You never cure structural defects; the system corrects itself by collapsing.
When positive, show net, when negative, show gross.
The modern hypocrite gives the designation respect to what is nothing but fear of the powerful. #fear
You want to send your kids to college so they come back intellectually stronger, not pre-bureaucrats. #Antifragile
People are brainwashed to not realize that so many noble pursuits (academia, service, anything where one is paid with honors) are zero-sum. And wealth pursuits, outside of rent seeking, aren't zero-sum.
Love of humanity doesn't force you to open your living room to ALL passers by. But you may invite a few. Complex systems are stratified. #immigration
Bring the good news in trickles, the bad news in lumps.
Never take an advice from a salesman, or any advice that benefits the advice giver.
A Yuuuge agency problem in journalism: they care abt journalists far more than other pple. Saudi Barbaria does Sept 11, blows up & ethnically cleanses Syria, Salafizes countries, wrecks Yemen. Nobody cares. Saudi Barbaria suspected of killing one journalist, total deluge. -
Any action one does with the aim of winning an award, any award, corrupts to the core.
There were no migrations in the Middle ages except towards empty steppes. #genetics
The Roman army did not employ slaves (except during one Punic war). Only the free can fight.
Paganism is decentralized theology.
Actors represents to us on the screen how other citizens are; but they are too fake to be like other citizens. No #skininthegame, all image.
Probability is a liberal art; it is a child of skepticism, not a tool for people with calculators on their belts to satisfy their desire to produce fancy calculations and certainties.
There are three types of large corporations: those about to go bankrupt, those that are bankrupt and hide it, those that are bankrupt and don't know it.
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localism. #localism
It seems that the sophistication of French cuisine arose from the need to mask the lack of freshness of the ingredients --much as perfume came from the need to compensate for bad hygiene. In contrast, Italian and East Med cuisines make salient the freshness of the ingredients.
The gist: If you have the courage to put your intellectual integrity before your reputation, nothing can break you.
Being an economist is the least ethical profession, closer to charlatanism than any science.
Stiglitz understands everything about economics except for tail risks: like knowing everything about flight safety except for crashes.
Socialism, def: a political system where decisions are made by people with advanced degrees in social science. #socialism
The problem isn't inequality, it's RENT SEEKERS without skin in the game.
It is as irrational to reject all conspiracy theories as it is to accept them.
What fools call “wasting time” is most often the best investment .
There is no more unmistakable sign of failure than that of a middle-aged man boasting of his successes in college.
Different people rarely mean the same thing by religion. Nor do they realise it. For early Jews & Muslims, religion was law. ‘Deen’ is law in Hebrew, religion in Arabic.
If the Iliad survived, it is precisely because it is not summarizable. #Lindy
Remove all empty words from writings, resume, conversation, except when they aim at courtesy.
To insult a barbarian, use his own language: Cum care carizas, rustice agis cum rustico, barbare loqueris barbaro ,crasse cum crasso.
God made mathematics so you can tell me where I am wrong; the fragility of a derivation is transparent for all to see. Formalism allows the slightest nonsense to show. Some econs/psychs produce obscure equations to hide nonsense. They get caught: you can debunk using math!
I am fighting for the rest of the world, particularly the US, to have the fractal, bottom-up properties & the governance of CHF. #localism
Markers of aging: 1- You stop learning something new 2- You talk too much about aging 3- The things you forget aren't the things you should be forgetting
The ONLY test of intelligence that counts is to see if the person detects Wittgenstein's ruler situations: 1) When you use a ruler to measure the table, you are also using the table to measure the ruler. 2) The more unexpected the measurement, the more you apply W's ruler.
It is much easier for a criminal to fake being an honest person than for an honest person to fake being a criminal. Likewise it is easier for a fat-tailed distribution to fake being thin tailed than for a thin-tailed distributions to fake being fat tailed.
The problem is architects building structures to impress other architects --but plumbers don't act on impressing other plumbers. Any activity where agents impress peers (architects, academia) rather than satisfying the needs constituents ends up rotting.
Magnificence is defined by the intersection of reluctant praise by your enemies and criticism by your friends; greatness by their union.
Thursday Wisdom: If someone's insults' bother you; it is evidence that you respect him.
Every dollar made by a former politician or civil servant thanks to the fame and connections imparted by the office belongs to the taxpayer. PRINCIPIA POLITICA
To say it bluntly, all the critics of my tail risk ideas and strategies still work and have to work for a living.
ATTENTION SALARY PEOPLE: Next Friday when your guaranteed monthly paycheck is deposited, take a moment of gratitude for the entrepreneurs who took the risks so you get this risk-free income. Shaming an risk-taker for losing money is like shaming a soldier for losing a limb.
(Journalistic) noise is to signal what a cancer cell is to a healthy one.
Doctors most commonly get mixed up between absence of evidence and evidence of absence.
The rational heuristic is to avoid any market commentary from anyone who has to work for a living. #markets
If someone is making an effort to ignore you, he is not ignoring you.
It is good to not feel envy; but better to neither envy nor be envied.
The dream of having computers behave like humans is coming true, with the transformation, in a single generation, of humans into computers.
There is this prevailing illusion that debt is a renewable resource. #debt
Anyone who likes meetings should be banned from attending meetings.
My motto has always been: Debate the audience, not the person. Don't even try to convince someone that he or she is wrong. #wisdom
KLEPTOCRACY: It is important to note that corruption is NOT necessarily in the government (often composed of transient ministers) but deep in the opaque administrations. Which is why decentralization makes things salient.
Rich people aren't necessarily incorruptible; but they can be much, much more expensive to bribe.
The maximum success is reached when you are never busy.
My impression of Las Vegas: mostly prediabetic men wearing shorts.
Asking science to explain life and vital matters is equivalent to asking a grammarian to explain poetry.
We often benefit from harm done to us by others; almost never from self-inflicted injuries.
A book is summarizable degree n when the 2nd, 3rd,..., up the nth reading reveal things you did not get at the first reading. (A book is summarizable degree 0 when the first reading reveals nothing you didn't get by not reading.)
Never pathologize (bounded) failure. Pathologize the refusal to try.
3) The CEO of the company is not the entrepreneur w/skin in the game, but often some acroparasite actor milking the system.
We need to feel a little bit lost somewhere, physically or intellectually, at least once a day.
Years ago, I noticed one thing about economics, and that is that economists didn't get anything right.
I can understand someone saying listen, I love strangers but I am more comfortable w/my nationality, shared values (homophily) or neighbors get along better than rommates (fractal localism). But making others genetically inferior using IQ science is quite sinister.
Medicine is for the very ill, never the healthy. In #Antifragile, there is the assertion that there has been practically NOTHING made by humans to improve on nature or help with shortcuts that did not end up harming with UNSEEN side effects. #HiddenRisk
If someone's insults' bother you; it is evidence that you respect him. #wisdom
Libertarianism is about replacing authority with laws (legal systems, courts). Hard sciences (math, physics) obey laws, bullshit disciplines (psychology, history, sociology) obey authority. In the absence of #skininthegame, authority evolves to BS. In anything.
A mathematician starts with a problem and creates a solution; a consultant starts by offering a “solution” and creates a problem.
It certainly takes bravery to remain skeptical; it takes inordinate courage to introspect, to confront oneself, to accept one's limitations--Scientists are seeing more and more evidence that we are specifically designed by mother nature to fool ourselves.
When you elect a bureaucrat to the presidency, you end up with someone who likes complicating your life with bureaucratic rules. When you elect a real estate dealmaker, you end up with someone who likes to do real-estate deals. Alas, a trade-off. But beats wars.
Those who aren't in it for the money won't tell you that they aren't in it for the money.
In a conflict, the middle ground is least likely to be correct.
If your private actions do not generalize, then you cannot have general ideas.
Japan: life is a sequence of skillfully executed rituals. #rituals
A government run by professionals is like a form or a trading house run by back office &support people. But firms go bust, govs expand. #government
The rule is: Use BUT as a logical operator, not to seek protection from consequences of your opinion.
Another marker for charlatans: they don't voice opinions that can get them in trouble.
If a pilot crashes a plane, N=1 is not anecdote, if he doesn't crash the plane, N=100 is anecdote.
The central idea in The Black Swan is that: rare events cannot be estimated from empirical observation since they are rare.
Success is becoming in middle adulthood what you dreamed to be in late childhood.
A very useful heuristic, a potent filter: When someone criticizes you, train to immediately ask yourself: Would I rather be him/her, or I'd rather be me? before taking the remark at face value. It works wonders. #SkinintheGame
The only thing a college teacher of classics can reliably teach you is to become a college teacher of classics. #college
There is no such thing as a failed soldier, dead or alive (unless he acted in a cowardly manner) likewise there is no such thing as a failed entrepreneur or failed scientific researcher.
There is no worse vice than one that imitates virtue; worst of all is the one that claims virtue: virtue signaling.
When you define yourself as localist, nobody frames you in the partisan box; both the left & the right take you for one of them. The only people in favor of centralization are lobbyists, bureaucrats, & DC parasites. Yet the world is centralizing.
10 old books feel very aged, out of place, out of sync. 200 year old books feel contemporary. 2000 year old bks feel fresh. #LindyEffect
Never take advice from anyone in a tie. They'll bankrupt you. Don't ask a general for advice on war, and don't ask a broker for advice on money.
All models are wrong. Some are lethal.
Change anchor to what did not happen rather than to what did happen.
A GOLDEN RULE in ETHICS Take a moment to figure out whether you'd rather be praiseworthy but not praised, or praised but not praiseworthy. #ethics
Religions are not quite religions: some are philosophies, others are just legal systems.
For life to be really fun, what you fear should line up with what you desire.
Physicists take something complicated & make it simpler. Psychologists take something very complicated & make it even more complicated. #health
For social mobility to work, it needs to be a two-way highway, with a large number of pre-rich and an almost as large one of post-rich.
I wonder why newssuckers don't realize that if news had the slightest predictive & nonanecdotal value journalists would be monstrously rich.
Virtue signaling is the information age's rediscovery of simony .
You are more likely to change your mind from a bad argument from someone on your initial side than a good argument from someone on the other side.
Used skillfully, a compliment will be much more offensive than any disparagement.
Hammurabi's code: He who falsely accuses someone of a crime is to be penaliized as if he committed it himself Applies to all: right,left,... #symmetry
Bureaucracy is a construction designed to maximize the distance between a decision-maker and the risks of the decision.
N N does not suffer fools gladly. I want it on my epitaph.
You cannot be both soldier and judge. #wisdom
It is a very powerful manipulation to let others win the small battles.
It is easy for others, but not for you, to detect the asymmetry between what you gain and what you give by doing, writing or saying.
Short stories are mostly read by people who want to write short stories.
My summary of Obama: He is the fellow who, when there is fire in the building, makes a great moving speech, then calls for advice. @BarackObama
We should reward people, not ridicule them, for thinking the impossible.
Modernity has replaced ethics with legalese.
Progress, like evolution, must be neither too slow nor too fast. Too slow means extinction from lack of adaptation. Too fast prevents retaining the benefits of past improvements, hence, again, extinction. #progress
Never ask anyone for their opinion, forecast, or recommendation. Just ask them what they have—or don’t have—in their portfolio.
In any profession, 90% of people are clueless but work by situational imitation, narrow mimicry & semi-conscious role-playing. Except social science and journalism where it is 99% and 100%, respectively.
Never argue with someone with the aim of changing his or her mind; focus instead on changing the much less invested minds of the audience.
Under opacity, incomplete information, and partial understanding, much of what we don't understand is labeled irrational. #rationality
Did you notice that collecting art is to hobby- painting as watching pornography is to doing the real thing? Only difference is status. #art
We invented language to be vague, if you can sort of see what I mean.
Things are never complicated if one has principles. #principles
To teach someone a real skill, teach him how to take risk & fail. He will never learn this in school. No nonrisktaker can ever teach it. #risk
The world we live in is vastly different from the world we think we live in.
Luck is the grand equalizer.
The best philosophers were not academics, but had another job, so their philosophy was not corrupted by careerism.
People tend to whisper when they say the truth and raise their voice when they lie.
What we do today has nothing to do with capitalism or socialism. It is a crony type of system that transfers money to the coffers of bureaucrats.
You will never convince someone that he is wrong. Survival does. Prologue of #SkinintheGame
Someone who says I am busy is either declaring incompetence (and lack of control of his life) or trying to get rid of you.
The problem isn't being on a salary. The problem is enjoying it. #money
When people vote the way of the IYI elite, it is democracy. Otherwise it is misguided, irrational, swayed by populism & lack of education. #democracy
I want to write books that only those who read them claim they did. #books
Let me be more aggressive: we are largely better at doing than we are at thinking, thanks to antifragility. I’d rather be dumb and antifragile than extremely smart and fragile, any time.
You are honorable in proportion to the number of people to whom you can say fuck you with impunity but don't.
A reliable predictor of future insuccess: if someone writes long (and frequent) emails. #success
The health benefits of the Mediterranean diet aren’t in the food: people spend their lives climbing stairs and steep hills. #diet
The book is the only medium left that hasn’t been corrupted by the profane.
Things always become obvious after the fact.
I don't go to the doctor except when I'm very ill, and when I go to India, I drink a drop of local water.
I wonder how many people would seek excessive wealth if it did not carry a measure of status with it. #wealth
The ultimate freedom lies in not having to explain why you did something.
Skin in the Game: Let the unemployed & those earning below some threshold decide on minimum wage, not some virtue signaling bureaucrat.
Virtue signaling is virtue without courage, without skin in the game, which is why it is getting more common.
If you have earned your self-respect, respect by others is a luxury; if you haven't, respect by others is a necessity.
The sucker overestimates the value of secret information when the important stuff is that huge elephant in front if us all.
Occupations in which one is more dependent on opinion of colleagues than end users degrades. ex: journalism, bureaucr, #SummarySITG
What works on a small scale almost NEVER expands to large scale.
Under opacity, incomplete information, and partial understanding, much of what we don't understand is labeled irrational. #rationality
It is easier to macrobullshit than to microbullshit.
We glorify those who left their names in history books at the expense of those contributors about whom our books are silent. We humans are not just a superficial racewe are a very unfair one.
You can tell how poor someone feels by the number of times he references money in his conversation.
It takes five years to learn how to make money; and twenty-five to learn how to not lose it.
True intellect should not appear to be intellectual.
Free-markets: a mechanism by which the strong continuously & unrelentlessly preys on the strong. #markets
Remember that just as surgeons don't look like surgeons strong men don't look like athletes in ancient Greek sculptures.
Comfort makes you weaker. We need some variability, some stressors. Not too much, but just enough.
Modernity's double punishment is to make both age prematurely and live longer. From Bed of Procustes
When the beard is black, take the reasoning, ignore conclusions. When gray, take both reasoning & conclusions. When white, just conclusions.
Sophisticated is almost always pseudo- sophisticated.
True equality is equality in probability.
Restaurants get you in with food to sell you liquor; religions get you in with belief to sell you rules.
Wisdom isn't about understanding things (& people); it is knowing what they can do to you. #wisdom
We know from chaos theory that even if you had a perfect model of the world, you'd need infinite precision in order to predict future events. With sociopolitical or economic phenomena, we don't have anything like that.
Electricians, barbers, gardeners, surgeons, tango dancers, are experts. Not economists. How do we know who's expert?
Modernity: we created youth without heroism, age without wisdom, and life without grandeur.
Never get into a business partnership with a retired lawyer unless he has another hobby.
There were no migrations in the Middle ages except towards empty steppes. #genetics
You want your enemies to complain about you. The more they complain, the better.
When you say something you think are just saying something, but you are largely communicating why you had to say it.
Mental clarity is the child of courage, not the other way around.
For your book to be read in 20y, make sure content is 1) important for people today, 2) was also important 20 y ago. #Lindy
It is much harder to conceal one's envy than to detect that of others. #envy
Almost all those caught making a logical fallacy interpret it as a disagreement.
Charm is the ability to insult people without offending them; nerdiness the reverse:
Never call someone an imbecile (or fucking idiot) unless he causes harm to others/system; there must be a moral dimension to insults. #dailytips
If someone finds fault with everything you say or do, ignore. But there is information from those who differ on the occasion.
Simplicity is not so simple to attain.
Complaints don't deliver complaints, they mostly reveal your weakness.
Mistakes detected by copy editors are not likely to be noticed by readers, and vice versa.
It is as hard to fake indifference when you are interested as it is to fake interest when you are indifferent.
The Internet allows the small guy a global marketplace. But technology is harmful in the sense that we get too much information from it. Because of the web we get 10 times the amount of noise we ever got, which makes harmful fallacies far more likely.
It takes a lot of skills to be virtuous without being boring. #virtue
A Lebanese proverb: If you give a fool a weapon, he will hurt himself.
I disagree with the followers of Marx and those of Adam Smith: the reason free markets work is because they allow people to be lucky, thanks to aggressive trial and error, not by giving rewards or incentives for skill.
Failure-proof is achievable; failure-free is not. #failure
At no point in history have so many non-risk-takers, that is, those with no personal exposure, exerted so much control.
We humans lack imagination, to the point of not even knowing what tomorrow's important things will look like.
Failure saves lives. In the airline industry, every time a plane crashes the probability of the next crash is lowered by that.
We learn the most from fools ... yet we pay them back with the worst ingratitude.
The main reason to go to school is to learn *how not* to think like a professor.
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance.
The key to wealth is that it doesn't matter. Once you've had it, you don't think anything of it; you can wear cheap watches.
Studying neurobiology to understand humans is like studying ink to understand literature.
Automation makes otherwise pleasant activities turn into work. #automation #robotics
It is immoral to be in opposition to the market system and not live (somewhere in Vermont or Northwestern Afghanistan) in a hut or cave isolated from it.
Lose your wallet full of credit cards and you will have a chance to have a great day.
The grandchildren should not bear the debts of the grandparents.
Actors should not be the ones lektchuring the rest of us on ethics & morality. They also have a tendency to conflate virtue and its external manifestation, given that everything in their world is appearance.
Scale matters: small/medium is beautiful, more stable & genuinely more efficient long term. Large becomes top-down. #scale
When you ask people, 'What's the opposite of fragile?,' they tend to say robust, resilient, adaptable, solid, strong. That's not it. The opposite of fragile is something that gains from disorder.
We are victims of the post-Enlightenment view that the world functions like a sophisticated machine, to be understood like a textbook engineering problem and run by wonks. In other words, like a home appliance, not like the human body.
Libertarianism is about replacing authority with laws (legal systems, courts). Hard sciences (math, physics) obey laws, bullshit disciplines (psychology, history, sociology) obey authority. In the absence of #skininthegame, authority evolves to BS. In anything. -
A scaling property: the larger the state, the more disproportionately powerful the state-within-the-state (a.k.a. deep state). #deepstate
Someone at dinner just asked me to define a dictator. Someone who doesn’t buy weapons from your government. #dictator
Just as being nice to the arrogant is no better than being arrogant toward the nice, being accommodating toward anyone committing a nefarious action condones it.
The twentieth century was the bankruptcy of the social utopia; the twenty-first will be that of the technological one.
When I trade, I don't have an agency problem; I have my neck on the line. When a bank or banker trades, it's not his neck on the line.
Stoicism is about the *domestication* of emotions, not their elimination.
The only valid political system is one that can handle an imbecile in power without suffering from it. #politics
Under opacity, incomplete information, and partial understanding, much of what we don't understand is labeled irrational.
Academia is to knowledge what prostitution is to love; close enough on the surface but, to the non-sucker, not exactly the same thing.
Try to be predictable to your friends and unpredictable to your enemies, rather than the opposite.
Half of the people lie with their lips; the other half with their tears:
A false accusation of rape has the side effect of inducing skepticism, causing genuine accusations to be taken less seriously. You are also harming the true victims.
It is very difficult to argue with salaried people that the simple can be important and the important can be simple.
Everything before the but is meant to be ignored by the speaker; and everything after the but should be ignored by the listener.
Love without sacrifice is like theft.
Those who have equal rights today are complaining much, much more than when they didn't have them. #equality
The cult of the youth (by the youth) results from an elementary logical fallacy. If 90% of successful innovations come from the young, less than 1/1000 of innovations by youth work. Statistically, youth correlates w/mediocrity, sloth, physical weakness, & lack of creativity.
So knowledge grows by subtraction much more than by addition—given that what we know today might turn out to be wrong but what we know to be wrong cannot turn out to be right, at least not easily.
The idea is to be virtuous without being boring.
Supposedly, if you are uncompromising/intolerant with BS you lose friends. But you will also make friends, better friends. #friendship
I don't read the papers; I stopped reading the papers. I read the papers only during periods of crisis, and I think papers are too long on a regular day and too short days when we have a crisis.
We favor the sensational and the extremely visible. This affects the way we judge heroes. There is little room in our consciousness for heroes who do not deliver visible resultsor those heroes who focus on process rather than results. in The Black Swan
There are secrets to our world that only practice can reveal, and no opinion or analysis will ever capture in full. in Antifragile
The chief ethical rule is the following: Thou shalt not have antifragility at the expense of the fragility of others. in Antifragile
The problem is that our ideas are sticky: once we produce a theory, we are not likely to change our minds. in The Black Swan
Realism is punishing. Probabilistic skepticism is worse. in Fooled by Randomness
Self-contradiction is made culturally to be shameful, a matter that can prove disastrous in science. in Fooled by Randomness
Someone who has been employed for a while is giving you strong evidence of submission. in Skin in the Game
An honest person will never commit criminal acts, but a criminal will readily engage in legal acts. in Skin in the Game
Most people fear being without audiovisual stimulation because they are too repetitive when they think and imagine things on their own. in The Bed of Procrustes
Robust is when you care more about the few who like your work than the multitude who dislike it (artists); fragile when you care more about the few who dislike your work than the multitude who like it (politicians). in The Bed of Procrustes
You get pseudo-order when you seek order; you only get a measure of order and control when you embrace randomness. in Antifragile
Asking science to explain life and vital matters is equivalent to asking a grammarian to explain poetry. in The Bed of Procrustes
The characteristic feature of the loser is to bemoan, in general terms, mankind's flaws, biases, contradictions, and irrationality without exploiting them for fun and profit. in The Bed of Procrustes
You will never fully convince someone that he is wrong; only reality can. in Skin in the Game
People do not realize that the media is paid to get your attention. For a journalist, silence rarely surpasses any word. in Fooled by Randomness
Heuristics are simplified rules of thumb that make things simple and easy to implement. But their main advantage is that the user knows that they are not perfect, just expedient, and is therefore less fooled by their powers. They become dangerous when we forget that.
Mental effort moves us into higher gear, activating more vigorous and more analytical brain machinery. in Antifragile
Prediction requires knowing about technologies that will be discovered in the future. But that very knowledge would almost automatically allow us to start developing those technologies right away. Ergo, we do not know what we will know. in The Black Swan
There is a Yiddish saying: If I am going to be forced to eat pork, it better be of the best kind. If I am going to be fooled by randomness, it better be of the beautiful (and harmless) kind. in Fooled by Randomness
To be completely cured of newspapers, spend a year reading the previous weeks newspapers. in The Bed of Procrustes
Michelangelo was asked by the pope about the secret of his genius, particularly how he carved the statue of David, largely considered the masterpiece of all masterpieces. His answer was: Its simple. I just remove everything that is not David. in Antifragile
I follow the Lindy effect as a guide in selecting what to read: books that have been around for ten years will be around for ten more; books that have been around for two millennia should be around for quite a bit of time, and so forth. in Antifragile
Perhaps the wise one is the one who knows that he cannot see things far away. in The Black Swan
Avoid taking advice from someone who gives advice for a living, unless there is a penalty for their advice. in Skin in the Game
I know that history is going to be dominated by an improbable event, I just don't know what that event will be. in The Black Swan
When you look at the past, the past will always be deterministic, since only one single observation took place. in Fooled by Randomness
It is generally accepted that harm from doctors not including risks from hospital germs accounts for more deaths than any single cancer. in Antifragile
Economics is not a science and should not be there to advise policy. in Antifragile
Sometimes people ask you a question with their eyes begging you to not tell them the truth. in The Bed of Procrustes
The principle of intervention, like that of healers, is first do no harm (primum non nocere); even more, we will argue, those who dont take risks should never be involved in making decisions. in Skin in the Game
Hunger (or episodic energy deficit) strengthens the body and the immune system and helps rejuvenate brain cells, weaken cancer cells , and prevent diabetes. in The Black Swan
The fastest way to become rich is to socialize with the poor; the fastest way to become poor is to socialize with the rich. in The Bed of Procrustes
I suspect that they put Socrates to death because there is something terribly unattractive, alienating, and nonhuman in thinking with too much clarity. in The Bed of Procrustes
Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius (one of the doer-Stoic authors): fire feeds on obstacles. in Antifragile
For if you think that education causes wealth, rather than being a result of wealth, or that intelligent actions and discoveries are the result of intelligent ideas, you will be in for a surprise. in Antifragile
It takes a huge investment in introspection to learn that the thirty or more hours spent studying the news last month neither had any predictive ability during your activities of that month nor did it impact your current knowledge of the world.
It seems that it is the most unsuccessful people who give the most advice, particularly for writing and financial matters. in The Bed of Procrustes
It is much more immoral to claim virtue without fully living with its direct consequences. in Skin in the Game
Our emotional apparatus is designed for linear causality. For instance, you study every day and learn something in proportion to your studies. If you do not feel that you are going anywhere, your emotions will cause you to become demoralized.
The fool generalizes the particular; the nerd particularizes the general; some do both; and the wise does neither. in The Bed of Procrustes
I have the fondest memories of time spent in places called ugly, the most boring ones of places called scenic. in The Bed of Procrustes
He who has never sinned is less reliable than he who has only sinned once. And someone who has made plenty of errors though never the same error more than onceis more reliable than someone who has never made any. in Antifragile
Those who do too much somewhere do too little elsewhere. in Antifragile
Adam Smith himself made the analogy of the economy as a watch or a clock that once set in motion continues on its own. in Antifragile
In any type of activity or business divorced from the direct filter of skin in the game, the great majority of people know the jargon, play the part, and are intimate with the cosmetic details, but are clueless about the subject. in Skin in the Game
The world as a whole has never been richer, and it has never been more heavily in debt, living off borrowed money. The record shows that, for society, the richer we become, the harder it get to live within our means. Abundance is harder for us to handle than scarcity.
Not everything that happens happens for a reason, but everything that survives survives for a reason. in Skin in the Game
If the student is smart, the teacher takes the credit. in Antifragile
Writers are remembered for their best work, politicians for their worst mistakes, and businessmen are almost never remembered. in The Bed of Procrustes
The Web is an unhealthy place for someone hungry for attention. in The Bed of Procrustes
And, as expected, via negativa is part of classical wisdom. For the Arab scholar and religious leader Ali Bin Abi- (no relation), keeping ones distance from an ignorant person is equivalent to keeping company with a wise man. in Antifragile
The very idea of exercise is to gain from antifragility to workout stressors as we saw, all kinds of exercise are just exploitations of convexity effects. in Antifragile
It certainly takes bravery to remain skeptical; it takes inordinate courage to introspect, to confront oneself, to accept one's limitations--Scientists are seeing more and more evidence that we are specifically designed by mother nature to fool ourselves.
In a thick and captivating book, La rebellion franaise, the historian Jean Nicolas shows how the culture of rioting was extremely sophisticated historically, it counts as the true French national sport. in Antifragile
A half-man (or, rather, half-person) is not someone who does not have an opinion, just someone who does not take risks for it. in Antifragile
The market is like a large movie theater with a small door. And the best way to detect a sucker is to see if his focus is on the size of the theater rather than that of the door. in Skin in the Game
Organisms need, to use the metaphor of Marcus Aurelius, to turn obstacles into fuel just as fire does. in The Black Swan
I write only if I feel like it and only on a subject I feel like writing about and the reader is no fool. in Antifragile
People overvalue their knowledge and underestimate the probability of their being wrong. in Fooled by Randomness
There is no intermediate state between ice and water but there is one between life and death: employment. in The Bed of Procrustes
Modernitys double punishment is to make us both age prematurely and live longer. in The Bed of Procrustes
I will set aside the point that I see no special heroism in accumulating money, particularly if, in addition, the person is foolish enough to not even try to derive any tangible benefit from the wealth (aside from the pleasure of regularly counting the beans).N.N.
No, businessmen as risk takers are not subjected to the judgment of other businessmen, only to that of their personal accountant. in Skin in the Game
Read books are far less valuable than unread ones. The library should contain as much of what you do not know as your financial means, mortgage rates, and the currently tight real-estate market allow you to put there. in The Black Swan
Learn to read history, get all the knowledge you can, do not frown on the anecdote, but do not draw any causal links, do not try to reverse engineer too much -- but if you do, do not make big scientific claims. in The Black Swan
If my brain can tell the difference between noise and signal, my heart cannot. in Fooled by Randomness
My principle activity is to tease those who take themselves and the quality of their knowledge too seriously. in Fooled by Randomness
In science you need to understand the world; in business you need others to misunderstand it. in The Bed of Procrustes
Memory is more of a self-serving dynamic revision machine: you remember the last time you remembered the event, and without realizing it, in The Black Swan
It is a very recent disease to mistake the unobserved for the nonexistent; but some are plagued with the worse disease of mistaking the unobserved for the unobservable. in The Bed of Procrustes
Probability is not a mere computation of odds on the dice or more complicated variants; it is the acceptance of the lack of certainty in our knowledge and the development of methods for dealing with our ignorance. in Fooled by Randomness
You can tell how uninteresting a person is by asking him whom he finds interesting. in The Bed of Procrustes
There is asymmetry. Those who die do so very early in the game, while those who live go on living very long. Whenever there is asymmetry in outcomes, the average survival has nothing to do with the median survival. in Fooled by Randomness
The Black Swan asymmetry allows you to be confident about what is wrong, not about what you believe is right. in The Black Swan
There is something like a switch in us that kills the individual in favor of the collective when people engage in communal dances, mass riots, or war. Your mood is now that of the herd. You are part of what Elias Canetti calls the rhythmic and throbbing crowd.
It is far easier to figure out if something is fragile than to predict the occurrence of an event that may harm it. in Antifragile
Some people are only funny when they try to be serious. in The Bed of Procrustes
In spite of what is studied in business schools concerning economies of scale, size hurts you at times of stress; it is not a good idea to be large during difficult times. in Antifragile
The traits I respect are erudition and the courage to stand up when half-men are afraid for their reputation. Any idiot can be intelligent. in The Bed of Procrustes
To become a successful philosopher king, it is much better to start as a king than as a philosopher. in Antifragile
What fools call wasting time is most often the best investment. in The Bed of Procrustes
Academia has a tendency, when unchecked (from lack of skin in the game), to evolve into a ritualistic self-referential publishing game. in Skin in the Game
Governments are wasting billions of dollars on attempting to predict events that are produced by interdependent systems and are therefore not statistically understandable at the individual level. in Antifragile
This is one of the many reasons that journalism may be the greatest plague we face today as the world becomes more and more complicated and our minds are trained for more and more simplification. in Fooled by Randomness
Religion isnt so much about telling man that there is one God as about preventing man from thinking that he is God. in The Bed of Procrustes
What should we control? As a rule, intervening to limit size (of companies, airports, or sources of pollution), concentration, and speed are beneficial in reducing Black Swan risks. in Antifragile
One single observation can invalidate a general statement derived from millennia of confirmatory sightings of millions of white swans. All you need is one single (and, I am told, quite ugly) black bird. in The Black Swan
Information is antifragile; it feeds more on attempts to harm it than it does on efforts to promote it. For instance, many wreck their reputations merely by trying to defend them. in Antifragile
In poor countries, officials receive explicit bribes; in D.C. they get the sophisticated implicit, unspoken promise to work for large corporations. in The Bed of Procrustes
Silver Rule (negative golden rule): Do not do to others what you would not like them to do to you. Note the difference from the Golden Rule, as the silver one prevents busybodies from attempting to run your life. in Skin in the Game
Never trust the words of a man who is not free. in Antifragile
Anything one needs to market heavily is necessarily either an inferior product or an evil one. And it is highly unethical to portray something in a more favorable light than it actually is. in Antifragile
Keeping ones distance from an ignorant person is equivalent to keeping company with a wise man. in Antifragile
An erudite is someone who displays less than he knows; a journalist or consultant, the opposite. in The Bed of Procrustes
To understand how something works, figure out how to break it. in The Bed of Procrustes
When you walk the walk, whether successful or not, you feel more indifferent and robust to people's opinion, freer, more real. in The Black Swan
Pasteur said, like all great discoverers, he knew something about accidental discoveries. The best way to get maximal exposure is to keep researching. in The Black Swan
But the worst touristification is the life we moderns have to lead in captivity, during our leisure hours: Friday night opera, scheduled parties, scheduled laughs. Again, golden jail. This goal-driven attitude hurts deeply inside my existential self.
Anything that has more upside than downside from random events (or certain shocks) is antifragile; the reverse is fragile. in Antifragile
In practice, randomness is fundamentally incomplete information. in The Black Swan
Never hire an academic unless his function is to partake of the rituals of writing papers or taking exams. in Skin in the Game
In the past, only some of the males, but all of the females, were able to procreate. Equality is more natural for females. in The Bed of Procrustes
The excess energy released from overreaction to setbacks is what innovates. in Antifragile
A verbal threat is the most authentic certificate of impotence. in The Bed of Procrustes
Not seeing a tsunami or an economic event coming is excusable; building something fragile to them is not. in Antifragile
The curse of modernity is that we are increasingly populated by a class of people who are better at explaining than understanding, or better at explaining than doing. in Skin in the Game
A life saved is a statistic; a person hurt is an anecdote. Statistics are invisible; anecdotes are salient. in The Black Swan
Recall that the fragile wants tranquility, the antifragile grows from disorder, and the robust doesn't care too much. in Antifragile
Let us say that, in general, failure (and disconfirmation) are more informative than success and confirmation, which is why I claim that negative knowledge is just more robust. in Antifragile
What they call philosophy I call literature; what they call literature I call journalism; what they call journalism I call gossip; and what they call gossip I call (generously) voyeurism. in The Bed of Procrustes
So just as Stoicism is the domestication, not the elimination, of emotions, so is the barbell a domestication, not the elimination, of uncertainty. in Antifragile
Social science means inventing a certain brand of human we can understand. in The Bed of Procrustes
Those who think religion is about belief don't understand religion, and don't understand belief. in The Bed of Procrustes
What made medicine fool people for so long was that its successes were prominently displayed and its mistakes (literally) buried. in The Bed of Procrustes
Learning is rooted in repetition and convexity, meaning that the reading of a single text twice is more profitable than reading two different things once. in Skin in the Game
Never ask the doctor what you should do. Ask him what he would do if he were in your place. You would be surprised at the difference. in Antifragile
A man is honorable in proportion to the personal risks he takes for his opinion. in Antifragile
I am never bothered by normal people; it is the bull***tter in the intellectual profession who bothers me. in Skin in the Game
My experience is that money and transactions purify relations; ideas and abstract matters like recognition and credit warp them, creating an atmosphere of perpetual rivalry. in Antifragile
Living on our planet, today, requires a lot more imagination than we are made to have. We lack imagination and repress it in others. in The Black Swan
People feel deep anxiety finding out that someone they thought was stupid is actually more intelligent than they are. in The Bed of Procrustes
It is as if the mission of modernity was to squeeze every drop of variability and randomness out of life with the ironic result of making the world a lot more unpredictable, as if the goddesses of chance wanted to have the last word. in Antifragile
We humans are the victims of an asymmetry in the perception of random events. We attribute our successes to our skills, and our failures to external events outside our control, namely to randomness. in The Black Swan
When people get rich, they shed their skin-in-the-game-driven experiential mechanism. They lose control of their preferences, substituting constructed preferences for their own, complicating their lives unnecessarily, triggering their own misery.
We are faulty and there is no need to bother trying to correct our flaws. We are so defective and so mismatched to our environment that we can just work around these flaws. in Fooled by Randomness
You need a story to displace a story. Metaphors and stories are far more potent (alas) than ideas; they are also easier to remember and more fun to read. If I have to go after what I call the narrative disciplines, my best tool is a narrative.
A turkey is fed for a thousand days by a butcher; every day confirms to its staff of analysts that butchers love turkeys with increased statistical confidence. in Antifragile
People often need to suspend their self-promotion, and have someone in their lives they do not need to impress. This explains dog ownership. in The Bed of Procrustes
They think that intelligence is about noticing things that are relevant (detecting patterns); in a complex world, intelligence consists in ignoring things that are irrelevant (avoiding false patterns). in The Bed of Procrustes
We laugh at others and we don't realize that someone will be just as justified in laughing at us on some not too remote day. in The Black Swan
The Nation-state: apartheid without political incorrectness. in The Bed of Procrustes
We have far too many ways to interpret past events for our own good. in The Black Swan
Administrators everywhere on the planet, in all businesses and pursuits, and at all times in history, have been the plague. in Skin in the Game
This is hard to accept in the age of the Internet. It has been very hard for me to explain that the more data you get, the less you know whats going on, and the more iatrogenics you will cause. People are still under the illusion that science means more data.
The weak shows his strength and hides his weaknesses; the magnificent exhibits his weaknesses like ornaments. in The Bed of Procrustes
We see the obvious and visible consequences, not the invisible and less obvious ones. Yet those unseen consequences.., generally are more meaningful. in The Black Swan
It is also related to a problem called denigration of history, as gamblers, investors, and decision-makers feel that the sorts of things that happen to others would not necessarily happen to them. in Fooled by Randomness
History and societies do not crawl. They make jumps. They go from fracture to fracture, with a few vibrations in between. Yet we (and historians) like to believe in the predictable, small incremental progression. in The Black Swan
Things are always obvious after the fact. The civil servant was a very intelligent person, and this mistake is much more prevalent than one would think. It has to do with the way our mind handles historical information. in Fooled by Randomness
A mathematician starts with a problem and creates a solution; a consultant starts by offering a solution and creates a problem. in The Bed of Procrustes
My lesson from Soros is to start every meeting at my boutique by convincing everyone that we are a bunch of idiots who know nothing and are mistake-prone, but happen to be endowed with the rare privilege of knowing it. in Fooled by Randomness
Mathematics is not just a numbers game, it is a way of thinking. in Fooled by Randomness
The iatrogenics is in the patient, not in the treatment. If the patient is close to death, all speculative treatments should be encouraged no holds barred. Conversely, if the patient is near healthy, then Mother Nature should be the doctor.
The true hero in the Black Swan world is someone who prevents a calamity and, naturally, because the calamity did not take place, does not get recognition or a bonus for it. in Antifragile
Academics are only useful when they try to be useless (say, as in mathematics and philosophy) and dangerous when they try to be useful. in The Bed of Procrustes
When you develop your opinions on the basis of weak evidence, you will have difficulty interpreting subsequent information that contradicts these opinions, even if this new information is obviously more accurate. in The Black Swan
We ingest probiotics because we don't eat enough dirt anymore. in Antifragile
Just as in matters of seduction, people lend the most to those who need them the least. in Antifragile
Amateurs in any discipline are the best, if you can connect with them. Unlike dilettantes, career professionals are to knowledge what prostitutes are to love. in Antifragile
We have managed to transfer religious belief into gullibility for whatever can masquerade as science. in Antifragile
The process of discovery (or innovation, or technological progress) itself depends on antifragile tinkering, aggressive risk bearing rather than formal education. in Antifragile
Transportation didnt get safer just because people learn from errors, but because the system does. The experience of the system is different from that of individuals; it is grounded in filtering. in Skin in the Game
I believe that forcing researchers to eat their own cooking whenever possible solves a serious problem in science. in Antifragile
Under opacity and in the newfound complexity of the world, people can hide risks and hurt others, with the law incapable of catching them. Iatrogenics has both delayed and invisible consequences. It is hard to see causal links, to fully understand whats going on.
Conduct yourself toward your parents as you would have your children conduct themselves toward you. in Skin in the Game
The knowledge we get by tinkering, via trial and error, experience, and the workings of time, in other words, contact with the earth, is vastly superior to that obtained through reasoning, something self-serving institutions have been very busy hiding from us.N.N.
Most so-called writers keep writing and writing with the hope to, some day, find something to say. in The Bed of Procrustes
Considering that alternative outcomes could have taken place, that the world could have been different, is the core of probabilistic thinking. in Fooled by Randomness
Evidence shows that we do much less thinking than we believe we do except, of course, when we think about it. in The Black Swan
You don't become completely free just by avoiding to be a slave; you also need to avoid becoming a master. in The Bed of Procrustes
So knowledge grows by subtraction much more than by addition given that what we know today might turn out to be wrong but what we know to be wrong cannot turn out to be right, at least not easily. in Antifragile
Wisdom in the young is as unattractive as frivolity in the elderly. in The Bed of Procrustes
Somehow it is only when you dont care about your reputation that you tend to have a good one. in Antifragile
This is the central illusion in life: that randomness is risky, that it is a bad thing and that eliminating randomness is done by eliminating randomness. in Antifragile
So let us call here the teleological fallacy the illusion that you know exactly where you are going, and that you knew exactly where you were going in the past, and that others have succeeded in the past by knowing where they were going. in Antifragile
If the professor is not capable of giving a class without preparation, don't attend. People should only teach what they have learned organically, through experience and curiosity or get another job. in The Bed of Procrustes
You can tell how poor someone feels by the number of times he references money in his conversation. in The Bed of Procrustes
You are rich if money you refuse tastes better than money you accept. in The Bed of Procrustes
History is opaque. You see what comes out, not the script that produces events, the generator of history. in The Black Swan
We humans are not just a superficial race (this may be curable to some extent); we are a very unfair one. in The Black Swan
Technology is the result of antifragility, exploited by risk-takers in the form of tinkering and trial and error, with nerd-driven design confined to the backstage. in Antifragile
Don't talk about progress in terms of longevity, safety, or comfort before comparing zoo animals to those in the wilderness. in The Bed of Procrustes
A theory is like medicine or government: often useless, sometimes necessary, always self-serving and, on occasion, lethal. It needs to be used with care, moderation and close adult supervision. in The Black Swan
Some business bets in which one wins big but infrequently, yet loses small but frequently, are worth making if others are suckers for them and if you have the personal and intellectual stamina. in The Black Swan
I attended a symposium, an event named after a fifth century (B.C.) Athenian drinking party in which nonnerds talked about love; alas, there was no drinking, and mercifully, nobody talked about love. in The Bed of Procrustes
Someone with a high public presence who is controversial and takes risks for his opinion is less likely to be a bullshit vendor. in Skin in the Game
You can afford to be compassionate, lax, and courteous if, once in a while, when it is least expected of you, but completely justified, you sue someone, or savage an enemy, just to show that you can walk the walk. in The Black Swan
Education is an institution that has been growing without external stressors; eventually the thing will collapse. in Antifragile
If humans fight the last war, nature fights the next one. in Antifragile
Contra the prevailing belief, success isn't being on top of a hierarchy, it is standing outside all hierarchies. in The Bed of Procrustes
Humans somehow fail to recognize situations outside the contexts in which they usually learn about them. in Antifragile
If you ever do have to heed a forecast, keep in mind that its accuracy degrades rapidly as you extend it through time. in The Black Swan
The next time someone pesters you with unneeded advice, gently remind him of the fate of the monk whom Ivan the Terrible put to death for delivering uninvited (and moralizing) advice. It works as a short-term cure. in The Black Swan
The difference between slaves in Roman and Ottoman days and todays employees is that slaves did not need to flatter their boss. in The Bed of Procrustes
Modernity starts with the state monopoly on violence, and ends with the states monopoly on fiscal irresponsibility. in Antifragile
Every time you use a coffeemaker for your morning cappuccino, you are benefiting from the fragility of the coffeemaking entrepreneur who failed. He failed in order to help put the superior merchandise on your kitchen counter. in Antifragile
Only the autodidacts are free.
Mistakes detected by copy editors are not likely to be noticed by readers, and vice versa.
Fat Tony: No one ever went bankrupt trading against intellectuals.
You can easily tell a Northener: he/she feels guilty doing nothing. Even doing nothing for them is programmed, labeled, and has to be learned using some Yoga instructor. #yoga
Economics is a fake discipline; attempts to improve it (s.a.behavioral,evo) made it worse! Finance moved to mathematics, accounting,etc. #economics
The best way to measure the loss of intellectual sophisticationthis nerdification, to put it bluntlyis in the growing disappearance of sarcasm, as mechanic minds take insults a bit too literally.
Progress is almost never linear. Ups and downs and bursts. #progress
Increasingly, people don't become academics because of intelligence, rather because of lower grasp of disorder.
Never argue with people in private (you will not convince them); argue in public to convince others.
My summary of Obama: He is the fellow who, when there is fire in the building, makes a great moving speech, then calls for advice. @BarackObama
Bring the good news in trickles, the bad news in lumps.
By definition, what works cannot be irrational. #lindy #skininthegame
People don't like it when you ask them for help; they also feel left out when you don't ask them for help.
When you walk the walk, whether successful or not, you feel more indifferent and robust to people's opinion, freer, more real.
Best training ever for rigor & critical reasoning is...TRADING. You can ONLY survive long term by going against wrong CONSENSUS by experts
AN ENEMY is someone in a zero-sum game, the representation bureaucrats, geopoliticians, journos & low-IQ pol scientists have of the world. A COMPETITOR is someone who helps the system stay non-zero sum & prevents monopolies.
Virtue is what you do when nobody is looking. The rest is marketing. #marketing
Something shoddy: citizenship of convenience, holding the passport of a country for ease of travel/tax without committing to its community.
Making sense and being right are not the same ting (sic) -- Fat Tony #skininthegame
Never explain why something important is important.
If you detect a repressed smile on the salesperson's face, you paid too much for it. #wisdom
2nd order effects: Once you make policy based on PICTURES of children victims, ALL parties will now produce pictures of children.
Being nice counts the most when you are nice to people ignored by others.
What we need to do is break the financial community's grip on society.
Multiplicative generosity: limit your generosity to those who, in turn, given the circumstances, would be equally generous towards others.
Freedom is never free. It requires risk taking. #SkinInthegame
The idea of #SkininTheGame: watch what people do not what they (or their staffers) say.
It took 5 volumes to get the main point: The main thread is that while there is inordinate uncertainty about what is going on, there is great certainty about what one should do about it.
Rituals are the music of life.
I get every day the confirmation that the only people who don’t despise journalists are journalists and (some of) their mothers.
Many are virtuous for lack of opportunity. #quoteoftheday
Some people are so foolish that they only get answers right when they misunderstand the question.
In a conflict, the middle ground is least likely to be correct.
Any work you do in the comfort of a routine risks being taken over by a robot. #AI #Robotics
If someone pays you for anything other than a specific transaction, you are a slave. #slavery
The dream of having computers behave like humans is coming true, with the transformation, in a single generation, of humans into computers.
It is not possible to have fun when you try. #wisdom
It is immoral to be in opposition to the market system and not live (somewhere in Vermont or Northwestern Afghanistan) in a hut or cave isolated from it.
More data—such as paying attention to the eye colors of the people around when crossing the street—can make you miss the big truck.
Mathematics demands an uncontrolled hunger for abstraction, philosophy a very controlled one.
The Roman army did not employ slaves (except during one Punic war). Only the free can fight.
Someone at dinner just asked me to define a dictator. Someone who doesn’t buy weapons from your government. #dictator
Economists are like soldiers selected and trained for only rituals and parades. But they are very good with rituals and parades.
A book is something that can be read ten years after publication. A real book, twenty. Otherwise it is a magazine report with bookbinding.
Those who have equal rights today are complaining much, much more than when they didn't have them. #equality
Truth is in the extremes. There is no noise in the far tails.
Any action one does with the aim of winning an award, any award, corrupts to the core.
A good man is warm and respectful towards the waiter or people of supposedly lower financial and social condition. #character
N N does not suffer fools gladly. I want it on my epitaph.
Success is about honour, feeling morally calibrated, absence of shame, not what some newspaper defines from an external metric.
No person in a transaction should have certainty about the outcome while the other one has uncertainty.
People don't know what they are talking about when they say religion.
Academics, when they leave academia become at best back-office support staff, not decision-makers. Not like the grocery store owner who owns his own risk. #risk
I disagree with the followers of Marx and those of Adam Smith: the reason free markets work is because they allow people to be lucky, thanks to aggressive trial and error, not by giving rewards or incentives for skill.
The problem with the idea of learning from one's mistakes is that most of what people call mistakes aren't mistakes. #mistakes
The idea of #skininthegame is that nobody shd cause risk to others without impunity.
Education & intellectualization make people think in Universal terms for local problems, with no awareness of Scalability. #SkinIntheGame
People focus on role models; it is more effective to find antimodelspeople you don't want to resemble when you grow up.
You may not get rich by being honorable; but you will probably stay rich by being upright.
A prediction is wrong only if it costs you something. A prediction is right only if it makes you something. The rest is tawk. #skininthegame.
Never read a book written by a journalist. Never read a book if you understand the table of contents
What we do today has nothing to do with capitalism or socialism. It is a crony type of system that transfers money to the coffers of bureaucrats.
Too many people think in labels.
Short stories are mostly read by people who want to write short stories.
Most so-called writers keep writing and writing with the hope, some day, to find something to say.
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance.
This would have been a great Christmas present. We will wait for June.
When a principle is strong and (you feel) imperative, everything you do to justify it or rationalize it makes it weaker. Everything.
Corporations take the humanity out of tradethey take the happiness out and replace it with something that is ugly.
The only way to prevent institutions from rotting is by automatic dissolution, to have the same life expectancy as free-market companies.
Deficits are like putting dynamite in the hands of children. They can get out of control very quickly.
I fail to see the difference between extreme wealth and overdose. #wealth
There should be no privilege for being wealthy. But there should be no shame, no guilt for being wealthy. #wealth
Progress, like evolution, must be neither too slow nor too fast. Too slow means extinction from lack of adaptation. Too fast prevents retaining the benefits of past improvements, hence, again, extinction. #progress
A hotshot is someone temporarily perceived to be of some importance, rather than perceived to be of some temporary importance.
Never ask your client for advice.
The only effective apology is the one you voice before you say or do something.
Heuristic: never trust someone's historical analogies if (as is common with policymakers) his historical knowledge starts in 1934. #heuristic
Given their track record, I would recommend hiring academic economists and do the OPPOSITE of what they advise. For they aren't even random.
And no, most humans do NOT want to be liberated from monotonous tasks, except for (parts of) the weekend. Most want the soothing predictability of a schedule, even those who call themselves adventurers.
Intellect without balls is like a racecar without tires.
If you worry about your reputation you don't deserve to have one. #reputation
The books are in a beautifully designed, cloth-bound deluxe hardcover boxed set. It would make a great gift.
A philosopher uses logic without statistics, an economist uses statistics without logic, a physicist uses both. #logic
If we are (almost) the only animal with a sense of justice, it is because we also are (almost) the only animal with a sense of cruelty. #quoteoftheday
If we've been eating animals for > 300 million years & some study says it's unhealthy, odds study is wrong/misspecified. #LindyEffect
We favor the visible, the embedded, the personal, the narrated, and the tangible; we scorn the abstract.
It is as hard to fake indifference when you are interested as it is to fake interest when you are indifferent.
Free-markets: a mechanism by which the strong continuously & unrelentlessly preys on the strong. #markets
Those who do not think that employment is systemic slavery are either blind or employed.
There is something irremediably sad at an atheist's funeral.
You remember the insults you received far more than those you gave.
Life is about execution rather than purpose.
A marker for a charlatan: someone who uses arguments typethis is the best model we have. Skin in the game pple use ONLY reliable models. #SkinIntheGame
Truth is in the extremes. There is no noise in the far tails.
The very idea of freedom of expression is to allow someone to tell others things they do not like to hear. #freedom
To be completely cured of newspapers, spend a year reading the previous week's newspapers.
A Stoic is a Buddhist with attitude, one who says “f*** you” to fate.
Given their track record, I would recommend hiring academic economists and do the OPPOSITE of what they advise. For they aren't even random.
If your beard is gray, produce heuristics/advice but explain the why. If your beard is white, skip the why, just say what should be done.
If you reject unfounded blame, you must also reject unjustified praise.
If you worry about your reputation you don't deserve to have one. #ThursdayThoughts #socialmedia
Never think that lack of variability is stability. Don't confuse lack of volatility with stability, ever.
The first, and hardest, step to wisdom: avert the standard assumption that people know what they want.
Work hard, not in grunt work, but in chasing such opportunities and maximizing exposure to them. This makes living in big cities invaluable because you increase the odds of serendipitous encounters-you gain exposure to the envelope of serendipity.
The opposite of education isn't ignorance but miseducation. #education
Saudi Barbaria will be doomed when shunning it becomes a form of virtue signaling.
My problem isn't with actors so much as with the way they are sudden qualified to dictate stuff to the rest of us. #hollywood
Success is about honour, feeling morally calibrated, absence of shame, not what some newspaper defines from an external metric.
The very idea of freedom of expression is to allow someone to tell others things they do not like to hear. #freedom
When you define yourself as localist, nobody frames you in the partisan box; both the left & the right take you for one of them. The only people in favor of centralization are lobbyists, bureaucrats, & DC parasites. Yet the world is centralizing.
Someone said We need more women in academic philosophy. But we also need more men in academic philosophy.
Never hire an A student unless it is to take exams.
Daily news and sugar confuse our system in the same manner.
To teach someone a real skill, teach him how to take risk & fail. He will never learn this in school. No nonrisktaker can ever teach it. #risk
They will envy you for your success, your wealth, for your intelligence, for your looks, for your statusbut rarely for your wisdom.
And prosperity is best achieved by preventing bureaucrats from interfering with things they will never understand.
You need to realize that the only thing a career academic can really teach you is how to be a career academic. #books
General Principle: the solutions (on balance) need to be simpler than the problems.
Simple heuristic: treat public intellectuals as BSvendors except those who hold unpopular opinions,expose frauds, take risks, curse publicly #heuristic
If your private life conflicts with your intellectual opinion, it cancels your intellectual ideas, not your private life.
It is quite a predicament to be both evil and risk averse.
The saying goes those who can, do; those who can't do, teach. But I've shown that those who can't do shouldn't teach.
And those with brains and balls become artisans/entrepreneurs. #entrepreneurship
Injuries done to us by others tend to be acute; the self-inflicted ones tend to be chronic.
You may not get rich by being honorable; but you will probably stay rich by being upright.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing someone's food and eating it. The commander offered the following Solomonic deal. They kill the soldier and look into his stomach. If there is no food as described by the accuser, the accuser is put to death.
Aerobic fitness is short-lived & calibrates to the average of the distribution. Weightlifting strength lasts much longer, calibrates to the extrema. (Backing out the statistical properties of our ancestral environments.)
You may eventually forgive and befriend someone who harmed you, never someone who bored you.
Never read a book if you don't expect to be surprised by something in it, while reading it. #books
The classical idea is to build mental, physical & moral fortitude to face the world #Antifragile Modern one is to change it technologically.
You are honorable in proportion to the number of people to whom you can say fuck you with impunity but don't.
Virtue is what you do when nobody is looking. The rest is marketing. #marketing
It is remarkable how fast and how effectively you can construct a nationality with a flag , a few speeches, and a national anthem; to this day I avoid the label Lebanese, preferring the less restrictive Levantine designation.
Money corrupts those who talk (& write) about it more than those who earn it.
No public institution or agency should be created without an expiration date.
For a free person, the optimalmost opportunisticroute between two points should never be the shortest one.
In your prayers substitute protect us from evil with protect us from those who improve things for a salary.
The best way to measure the loss of intellectual sophisticationthis nerdification, to put it bluntlyis in the growing disappearance of sarcasm, as mechanic minds take insults a bit too literally.
Real life (vita beata) is when your choices correspond to your duties.
A society is as advanced as its treatment of its weak, its handicapped and incapacitated.
A heuristic for happiness/contentment/good disposition: You are not upset to hear that someone you know has been owning bitcoin since 2011.
The difference between successful people and really successful people is that really successful people say no to almost everything.
Randomness works well in search sometimes better than humans.
There is something irremediably sad at an atheist's funeral.
This is the tragedy of modernity: as with neurotically overprotective parents, those trying to help are often hurting us the most.
We humans are the victims of an asymmetry in the perception of random events. We attribute our successes to our skills, and our failures to external events outside our control, namely to randomness.
When I see fraud I say fraud. When I see BS I shout BS. NO intimidation, no smear campaign, no mobbing by fraudsters like Shermer, Harris et al. will make me stop. The more RISK I take for my opinions, the more HONORABLE I feel. #SkinintheGame
Solution for the Christmas binge: Fast 45 hours, visit the gym during the fast, and you are done. #christmas
To rephrase, every human should at all times have equality in probability (which we can control), not equality in outcome.
Being an entrepreneur is an existential, not just a financial thing.
Journalists feel contempt for those who fear them and a deep resentment for those who don't. #journalism
It is RACIST to penalize someone from race A saying something abt someone from race B, but not someone from race B saying something abt someone from race A. It is worse than racist: it breaks societal symmetry. The same applies to gender.
You cannot separate the Med diet from frequency. 1-FASTING Greeks were vegan 210 days. 2-Meat was eaten at festivals, in Yuge quantities, mostly FAT 3-Breakfast is a recent invention 4-Dinner=mostly mezze 5-Byphasic sleep 6-Hill/stairs climbing all the time 7-No seed oil
Isocrates' Dynamic #SkinInTheGame Conduct yourself toward your parents as you would have your children conduct themselves toward you.
The ancient Mediterranean : before monotheism, people changed and exchanged rites and gods as we do with ethnic food.
It is a sign of weakness to avoid showing signs of weakness.
All models are wrong. Some are lethal.
To establish societal symmetry: The bigotteer needs to be penalized the same as the bigot. The false accuser needs to be penalized as if he committed the crime himself (Hammurabi). etc. #symmetry
Intelligence consists in ignoring things that are irrelevant.
The rationalist imagines an imbecile-free society; the empiricist an imbecile-proof one, or even better, a rationalist-proof one.
You can easily tell a Northener: he/she feels guilty doing nothing. Even doing nothing for them is programmed, labeled, and has to be learned using some Yoga instructor. #yoga
Regular minds find similarities in stories (and situations); finer minds detect differences.
What organized dating sites fail to understand is that the people are far more interesting in what they don't say about themselves.
If you worry about your reputation you don't deserve to have one.
On this Twitter account, I will be sharing 's wisdom from his books, interviews, and tweets. Follow if you like the wise flaneur from Northern Phoenicia.
A sign of development for a country is in the lack of prestige for government officials.
Life isn't about getting forecasts right; it is about navigating the environment and controlling it.
God created Monte Carlo and similar places so extremely rich people would come experience extreme envy.
People work out, they stress their body, and their body gets stronger from stress.
Much of the difference between what is heaven and what is hell is branding. #marketing
If powerful assholes don't find you arrogant, it means you are doing something wrong.
The idea of #skininthegame is that people judged by reality and P/L, instead of peers or supervisors, are vastly more open-minded.
A country's assets reside in the tinkerers, the hobbyists, and the risk-takers.
The classical idea is to build mental, physical & moral fortitude to face the world #Antifragile Modern one is to change it technologically.
A mathematician starts with a problem and creates a solution; a consultant starts by offering a “solution” and creates a problem.
The university system is on its way to go bust. It will regroup as separate technical schools devoid of gender & other BS studies.
One only criterion for (material) success: not having a schedule. #success
You are not what you eat; you are what what you eat eats. 1st order vegetarians — cows, Californians, history majors 2nd order vegetarians — eat only 1st order vegetarians: (some) Semitic religions (w/only gras fed chicken), lions. Nonvegetarians: eat porc, crustaceous. -
Debt is a mistake between lender and borrower, and both should suffer.
Men destroy each other during war, themselves during peacetime.
To understand how something works, figure out how to break it.
A risk you run when you write a book calling journalists BS vendors is that all your reviewers will be BS vendors. #journalism
The general principle of antifragility: it is much better to do things you cannot explain than explain things you cannot do.
France took Algeria, hoping for a country to eat cassoulet and instead France is now eating couscous.
Steve Jobs, Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg didn't finish college. Too much emphasis is placed on formal educationI told my children not to worry about their grades but to enjoy learning.
The key to wealth is that it doesn't matter. Once you've had it, you don't think anything of it; you can wear cheap watches.
Life is much, much easier when you treat all humans as flawed and imperfect, but flawed in quite different ways.
Accept the rationality of time, never its fairness and morality.
Let us find what risks we can measure and these are the risks we should be taking. #risk
I wonder how many people would seek excessive wealth if it did not carry a measure of status with it. #wealth
Just as eating cow-meat doesn't turn you into a cow, studying philosophy doesn't make you wiser. #philosophy
When a principle is strong and (you feel) imperative, everything you do to justify it or rationalize it makes it weaker. Everything.
You are as good as how nice you are to people you don't have to be nice to.
People don't know what they are talking about when they say religion.
In social policy, when we provide a safety net, it should be designed to help people take more entrepreneurial risks, not to turn them into dependents. This doesn't mean that we should be callous to the underprivileged.
Don't disturb complicated systems that have been around for a very long time. We don't understand their logic. Don't pollute the planet. Leave it the way we found it, regardless of scientific 'evidence'.
The only problem with the last laugh is that the winner has to laugh alone. #quotes
If someone's insults' bother you; it is evidence that you respect him. #wisdom
Don't complain too loud about wrongs done to you; you may give ideas to your less imaginative enemies.
Education makes the wise slightly wiser, but it makes the fool vastly more dangerous.
People feel totally lost (& deep anxiety) finding out that someone they held for stupid is actually more intelligent than they are.
Let us find what risks we can measure and these are the risks we should be taking. #risk
The tragedy of our time is the monoculture of ideas: all people are forced to believe the *same* bullshit.
Without skin in the game: Smart drug dealers become pharmacopsychiatrists; smart astrologists become economists; smart serial killers write for the Wash Post; smart bullshitters become experimental psychologists; and smart bankrobbers become bankers.
Deficits are like putting dynamite in the hands of children. They can get out of control very quickly.
Trust none of what you hear, half of what you read, most of what you see. #wisdom
The natural benefit of a cell phone, laptop, and other indispensable modern items is the joy one gets finding the object after losing it.
You can almost certainly extract a yes from someone who says no to you, never from someone who says nothing.
The main difference between Mediterraneans and nonMeds: Farniente (doing nothing) is active for a Med. #farniente
People used to wear ordinary clothes weekdays, and formal attire on Sunday. Today it is the exact reverse.
Technology is the result of antifragility, exploited by risk-takers in the form of tinkering and trial and error, with nerd-driven design confined to the backstage.
Everything before the but is meant to be ignored by the speaker; and everything after the but should be ignored by the listener.
Your duty is to scream those truths that one should shout but that are merely whispered.
Complex systems are full of interdependencies—hard to detect—and nonlinear responses.
Don't look for pleasure in convents, love in bordellos,intellect on campuses, wisdom in senates,nobility in law firms, & literature in Vegas
Remember that just as surgeons don't look like surgeons strong men don't look like athletes in ancient Greek sculptures.
One only criterion for (material) success: not having a schedule. #success
The wisdom of Salomon: he had to rule between two women both claiming to be the mother of an infant. By offering to split the child in half, he figured out who was the mother: she was the one who cared the most. She had more #SkinintheGame
Courage is the only virtue you can't fake. #virtue
The problem with the idea of learning from one's mistakes is that most of what people call mistakes aren't mistakes. #mistakes
The only effective apology is the one you voice before you say or do something.
Life is much, much easier when you treat all humans as flawed and imperfect, but flawed in quite different ways.
NYT is lauching its ad slogan: Truth. Those in the business of saying the truth don't advertise that they are saying the truth, except by taking risks in saying the truth. Remember that the Soviet's offical organ was called Pravda, Truth in Russian. -
You may never know what type of person someone is unless they are given opportunities to violate moral or ethical codes.
If the professor is not capable of giving a class without preparation, don't attend.
The rationalist imagines an imbecile-free society; the empiricist an imbecile-proof one, or even better, a rationalist-proof one.
It is as if the mission of modernity was to squeeze every drop of variability and randomness out of life— with the ironic result of making the world a lot more unpredictable, as if the goddesses of chance wanted to have the last word.
The problem with academics is that they really think that nonacademics find them more intelligent than themselves.
A lot of what we call work is noise.
Never trust a journalist unless she's your mother.
The odds of an academic researcher producing anything eventually used by society is of the order of .00001%. That includes scientists. The odds for a baker: 100%
To become a philosopher, start by walking very slowly.
Missing a train is only painful if you run after it! Likewise, not matching the idea of success others expect from you is only painful if that’s what you are seeking.
Bitcoin is the beginning of something great: a currency without a government, something necessary and imperative.
To rephrase, every human should at all times have equality in probability (which we can control), not equality in outcome.
Well kept secret: for selfowned people, unlike the rest, the ability to make money (hence make decisions) does not really decline with age. #SecretWisdom
A good man is warm and respectful towards the waiter or people of supposedly lower financial and social condition. #character
When we want to do something while unconsciously certain to fail, we seek advice so we can blame someone else for the failure.
A Kafkaesque World. With the inquisition spirit & the criminalization of politics, you will soon wake up every morning with the question: Which rule I didn't know existed did I violate yesterday?
You want failures to be small and informational. Silicon Valley does very well. It knows how to use failure as a tool for improvement.
Rich people aren't necessarily incorruptible; but they can be much, much more expensive to bribe.
Start by being warm, pleasant, & generous w/every person you meet; but if someone tries to exercise power over you, exercise power over him; & if he messes w/you, remember to keep messing w/him long after he has forgotten about it. Silver Rule of Fat Tony in #SkinInTheGame
Japan: life is a sequence of skillfully executed rituals. #rituals
Wit seduces by signaling intelligence without nerdiness.
When immigration is done by single individuals, it is immigration. When done by groups, it is invasion.
An enemy who becomes a friend will always be a friend; a friend turned enemy will remain so forever.
Atheists are just modern versions of religious fundamentalists: they both take religion too literally.
All rumors about a public figure are to be deemed untrue until he threatens to sue.
For your book to be read in 20y, make sure content is 1) important for people today, 2) was also important 20 y ago. #Lindy
Life isn't about getting forecasts right; it is about navigating the environment and controlling it.
If, in some wealthy communities, you run into people who look like cousins, it is more probable that they use the same plastic surgeon.
Never rid anyone of an illusion unless you can replace it in his mind with another illusion.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing someone's food and eating it. The commander offered the following Solomonic deal. They kill the soldier and look into his stomach. If there is no food as described by the accuser, the accuser is put to death.
Some only find expression as part of mob shaming, when SAFE to do so, & in the bargain, think that they are displaying virtue. Not virtue.
Do not read books on time management/MBAbullshit 2) Do nothing that bores you & stop before something gets dull.
Wind extinguishes a candle and energizes fire. Likewise with randomness, uncertainty, chaos: you want to use them, not hide from them. You want to be the fire and wish for the wind.
Never take investment advice from someone who has to work for a living.
There is nothing more hideous than excessive refinement (in food, dress, lifestyle, etc.) #wisdom
The more complex the world, the less you can grasp it from academic studies.
Here is one of my favorite quotes: Don't cross a river if it is four feet deep on average.
The grandchildren should not bear the debts of the grandparents.
Abundance is harder for us to handle than scarcity.
You will be civilized on the day you can spend a long period doing nothing, learning nothing, and improving nothing, without feeling the slightest amount of guilt.
Never read a book written by a journalist. Never read a book if you understand the table of contents
My lesson from Soros is to start every meeting at my boutique by convincing everyone that we are a bunch of idiots who know nothing and are mistake-prone, but happen to be endowed with the rare privilege of knowing it.
To insult a barbarian, use his own language: Cum care carizas, rustice agis cum rustico, barbare loqueris barbaro ,crasse cum crasso.
When comparing salaries of government workers, consider that they have a much, much lower risk of unemployment and layoff than the rest of the population. This employment guarantee is a yuuuge hidden compensation.
If someone pays you for anything other than a specific transaction, you are a slave. #slavery
All models are wrong, many are useful, some are deadly.
Courage is the only virtue you can't fake. #virtue
When people vote the way of the IYI elite, it is democracy. Otherwise it is misguided, irrational, swayed by populism & lack of education. #democracy
Life is much, much easier when you treat all humans as flawed and imperfect, but flawed in quite different ways.
I avoid reading nonmath recent books. But if I do, best heuristic: avoid books on the NYT list of Notable Books
Most so-called writers keep writing and writing with the hope, some day, to find something to say.
The bottom half has been typically screwed by the middle class. That's the entire story of Rome.
Read books are far less valuable than unread ones. The library should contain as much of what you do not know as your financial means, mortgage rates, and the currently tight real-estate market allow you to put there.
Debt is a mistake between lender and borrower, and both should suffer.
Universities have been progressing from providing scholarship for a small fee into selling degrees at a large cost.
Rituals are the music of life.
A heuristic on whether you have control of your life: can you take naps?
As a general rule, most regrets after one is caught's aren't regrets about having committed the action, but regrets about having been caught. Apologies count only when they are spontaneous, coming out of deep principles. Otherwise they are just an expression of submission.
He who has never sinned is less reliable than he who has only sinned once. The antifragility of the higher level may require the fragility and sacrifice of the lower one.
Isocrates' Dynamic #SkinInTheGame Conduct yourself toward your parents as you would have your children conduct themselves toward you.
The next time someone pesters you with unneeded advice, gently remind him of the fate of the monk whom Ivan the Terrible put to death for delivering uninvited (and moralizing) advice. It works as a short-term cure.
If something looks irrational —and has been so for a long time —odds are you have a wrong definition of rationality.
Most mistakes get worse when you try to correct them.
When someone makes an announcement saying I have a great relationship with my wife, you know a divorce is getting close. #heuristic
Crying in public because you saw atrocities and feel sorry for someone else is fine; crying in public because you feel sorry for yourself (& implore others to feel sorry for you) is the greatest marker of weakeness.
Never buy a product that the owner of the company that makes it doesn't use, or, in the case of, say, medication, wouldn't contingently use.
The tragedy of our time is the monoculture of ideas: all people are forced to believe the *same* bullshit.
Trust those who are greedy for money a thousand times more than those who are greedy for credentials.
Never explain why something important is important.
To illustrate that the health benefits of the Mediterranean diet aren’t in the diet: people spend their lives climbing stairs and doing intermittent fasts.
Any book not worth rereading isn't worth reading.
Fat Tony: No one ever went bankrupt trading against intellectuals.
Hammurabi's code: He who falsely accuses someone of a crime is to be penaliized as if he committed it himself Applies to all: right,left,... #symmetry
Never think that lack of variability is stability. Don't confuse lack of volatility with stability, ever.
Thinking that all individuals pursue selfish interest is equivalent to assuming that all random variables have zero covariance.
Globalistidiots assume that pple are only paid in money, not the pride & belonging seeing the community consume their products & vice versa.
If you are afraid for your reputation in ANY circle, you should NOT be in academia. Or at least you should not be a scholar. #reputation
I am very rude to *high status* people who are rude to waiters/waitresses. Usually twice as rude. Sometimes three times, just to make sure. You cannot believe how many pple on the left are rude to waiters, as they feel their mission insulates them from humans.
I never trust a man who doesn't have enemies.
For an honest man, freedom requires having no friends; and, one step above, sainthood requires having no family.
If we are the only animal with a sense of justice, it would clearly be because we also are about the only animal with a sense of cruelty.
Populism: democratic participation by the uneducated population when conflicts w/that of the miseducated one. #populism
A businessperson cares abt his reputation as it facilitates business, not as an end. For people who aren’t free, reputation is the end. #reputation
If you detect a repressed smile on the salesperson's face, you paid too much for it. #wisdom
Advice given to any young person: I can't tell you what to do. I can tell who what I've done. I've instinctively never gotten into a zero-sum business, such as academia, sports, bureaucracy, etc. The mark of a zero-sum business is hierarchy. -
Electricians, barbers, gardeners, surgeons, tango dancers, are experts. Not economists. How do we know who's expert?
You cannot be both soldier and judge. #wisdom
The rules you explain are less convincing that the ones you don't explain- or have to explain.
As a general rule: the more you institutionalize rules of ethical behavior that should be voluntary (say anti-racism, anti-sexism), the more they will be used as a cover for unethical actions. Moral: remove all diversity rules for the sake of diversity. -
Automation makes otherwise pleasant activities turn into work. #automation #robotics
Wisdom that is hard to execute isn't really wisdom. #wisdom
Never argue with people in private (you will not convince them); argue in public to convince others.
Many are virtuous for lack of opportunity. #quoteoftheday
In a centralized system, it takes very, very little money to control government. I am not surprised to see how little money lobbyists make compared to the control they exert over Yuuuge decisions. #localism
If you take risks and face your fate with dignity, there is nothing you can do that makes you small; if you don't take risks, there is nothing you can do that makes you grand, nothing.
The ones who refer to you repeatedly as my friend are most likely to betray you.
Progress is almost never linear. Ups and downs and bursts. #progress
We didn't break the mafia by reasoning w/its members. Remember: you'll never break special intrsts, lobbies, journalistic monoculturists & academic rent seekers by convincing them, but by exposing them, working on their customers. Accountability, put Skin in their game.
And if journalists were really not interested in money they would be writing literary essays.
History is opaque. You see what comes out, not the script that produces events, the generator of history.
You have family-owned businesses that have been around for 500 years. You cannot name a corporation that survives intact for even a few decades.
You know you have influence when people start noticing your absence more than the presence of others.
A lot of what we call signal is noise.
Only the autodidacts are free.
I came as refugee from the Lebanese war, embraced American values, & vowed to defend them. I refuse immigrants who don't embrace our values.
Do not read books on time management/MBAbullshit 2) Do nothing that bores you & stop before something gets dull.
A government run by professionals is like a form or a trading house run by back office &support people. But firms go bust, govs expand. #government
Free markets eventually lead to free speech. Censorship by social media not compatible w/ free enterprise! Markets => Ideas, not reverse. #markets
The problem with experts is that they do not know what they do not know.
Socrates used to walk around the house delaying his meal as he held that hunger was the best seasoning. (#Antifragile) Fasting can turn any meal into a Michelin 3 star.
Swearing on the occasion, amid rich vocabulary, is costly signaling that you are self-owned.
If you don't feel that you haven't read enough, you haven't read enough.
To figure out how well you will do 10 years from now relative to someone else, count your enemies, count his, and square the ratio.
We tend to define rude less by the words used (what is said) than by the status of the recipient (to whom it is addressed).
True equality is equality in probability.
Different people rarely mean the same thing by religion. Nor do they realise it. For early Jews & Muslims, religion was law. ‘Deen’ is law in Hebrew, religion in Arabic.
Most info-Web-media-newspaper types have a hard time swallowing the idea that knowledge is reached (mostly) by removing junk from peoples heads.
Authors deplete their soul when the marginal contribution of a new book is smaller than that of the previous one.
Never ask anyone for their opinion, forecast, or recommendation. Just ask them what they have—or don’t have—in their portfolio.
If you are afraid for your reputation in ANY circle, you should NOT be in academia. Or at least you should not be a scholar. #reputation
Those semi-intellectuals considered intellectuals get furious when shown the same disrespect as they have towards nonintellectuals.
Never argue with someone with the aim of changing his or her mind; focus instead on changing the much less invested minds of the audience.
Never show a risk number, even if it is right. #risk
I woke with this conclusion from Skin in the Game: 1) Things work thanks to a handful of people; the rest operates by situational imitation, narrow mimicry, and semi-conscious role-playing.
Socialism, def: a political system where decisions are made by people with advanced degrees in social science. #socialism
Anything that provides you with very, very stable income, very stable conditions, maybe generally stable, that often, it masks real risks, risks of blow-ups.
Business wars are typically lost by both parties, academic wars are won by both sides.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing someone's food and eating it. The commander offered the following Solomonic deal. They kill the soldier and look into his stomach. If there is no food as described by the accuser, the accuser is put to death.
We are quick to forget that just being alive is an extraordinary piece of good luck, a remote event, a chance occurrence of monstrous proportions.
In any profession, 90% of people are clueless but work by situational imitation, narrow mimicry & semi-conscious role-playing. Except social science and journalism where it is 99% and 100%, respectively.
A book is something that can be read ten years after publication. A real book, twenty. Otherwise it is a magazine report with bookbinding.
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localism. #localism
If we are the only animal with a sense of justice, it would clearly be because we also are about the only animal with a sense of cruelty.
Love without sacrifice is like theft.
A reliable predictor of future insuccess: if someone writes long (and frequent) emails. #success
The grandchildren should not bear the debts of the grandparents.
Another marker for charlatans: they don't voice opinions that can get them in trouble.
The dream of having computers behave like humans is coming true, with the transformation, in a single generation, of humans into computers.
Just as political science doesn't have any science, think tanks are for people who don't and can't think.
The world we live in is vastly different from the world we think we live in.
To say it bluntly, all the critics of my tail risk ideas and strategies still work and have to work for a living.
Fascism does not necessarily come from the nominal government, but from he who controls information. #fascism
Conspiracy theorizing reflects minds evolved enough to see patterns, but insufficiently to prune out the spurious. #FooledbyRandomness
At no point in history have so many non-risk-takers, that is, those with no personal exposure, exerted so much control.
So knowledge grows by subtraction much more than by addition—given that what we know today might turn out to be wrong but what we know to be wrong cannot turn out to be right, at least not easily.
The French are Germanics who speak a Germanic language using Latin words. #french
Socialism, def: a political system where decisions are made by people with advanced degrees in social science. #socialism
Some ideas are born as you write then down, others become dead. #ideas
If someone is making an effort to ignore you, he is not ignoring you.
Let me be more aggressive: we are largely better at doing than we are at thinking, thanks to antifragility. I’d rather be dumb and antifragile than extremely smart and fragile, any time.
Change anchor to what did not happen rather than to what did happen.
Nature builds things that are antifragile. In the case of evolution, nature uses disorder to grow stronger. Occasional starvation or going to the gym also makes you stronger, because you subject your body to stressors and gain from them.
Years ago, I noticed one thing about economics, and that is that economists didn't get anything right.
Mistakes detected by copy editors are not likely to be noticed by readers, and vice versa.
The intellectshual world is populated by a collection of people who are much better at explaining than understanding.
Distributive justice isn't taking from a risk taker who earned honorably, it is keeping his probability of losing it very high.
The dream of having computers behave like humans is coming true, with the transformation, in a single generation, of humans into computers.
Educated in 1860 was educated Today educated is starting to be overeducated & brainwashed, just like overfed, overprotected, & overmedicated. #education
Your reputation is harmed the most by what you say to defend it. @KevinHart4real
IYIs, Intellectuals Yet Idiots, favor things that work in theory but not in practice to things that work in practice but not in theory.
If a pilot crashes a plane, N=1 is not anecdote, if he doesn't crash the plane, N=100 is anecdote.
Just as being nice to the arrogant is no better than being arrogant toward the nice, being accommodating toward anyone committing a nefarious action condones it.
You are more likely to change your mind from a bad argument from someone on your initial side than a good argument from someone on the other side.
Hammurabi's code: He who falsely accuses someone of a crime is to be penaliized as if he committed it himself Applies to all: right,left,... #symmetry
It is as irrational to reject all conspiracy theories as it is to accept them.
In order to make a decision you need to focus on the consequences (which you can know) rather than the probability (which you can’t know) is the central idea of uncertainty.
No, do not join an NGO to save the world. Just take risks, start a business.
Restaurants get you in with food to sell you liquor; religions get you in with belief to sell you rules.
Mediocre minds are outraged by small insults but passive, subdued, and silent in front of very large ones. From Bed of Procrustes.
If you have earned your self-respect, respect by others is a luxury; if you haven't, respect by others is a necessity.
Used skillfully, a compliment will be much more offensive than any disparagement.
Wisdom isn't about understanding things (& people); it is knowing what they can do to you. #wisdom
Populism: democratic participation by the uneducated population when conflicts w/that of the miseducated one. #populism
When you beat up someone physically, you get excercise and stress relief; when you assault him verbally on the Internet, you just harm yourself.
They agree that chess training only improves chess skills but disagree that classroom training (almost) only improves classroom skills.
Luck is the grand equalizer.
There is something common to modern liberal and Sunni-Salafi education: They teach students answers rather than how to ask questions.
People tend to whisper when they say the truth and raise their voice when they lie.
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localism. #localism
Did you notice that collecting art is to hobby- painting as watching pornography is to doing the real thing? Only difference is status. #art
Monotheistic religion isn't so much about telling man that there is one God, so much preventing man from thinking that he is God.
Isocrates: Treat other states the way you'd like to by treated by them. Silver Rule is the foundation of modern society. Apply to states.
Corporations take the humanity out of tradethey take the happiness out and replace it with something that is ugly.
The rules you explain are less convincing that the ones you don't explain- or have to explain.
It takes five years to learn how to make money; and twenty-five to learn how to not lose it.
Japan: life is a sequence of skillfully executed rituals. #rituals
If we are (almost) the only animal with a sense of justice, it is because we also are (almost) the only animal with a sense of cruelty. #quoteoftheday
The idea of #skininthegame is that nobody shd cause risk to others without impunity.
It is much harder to conceal one's envy than to detect that of others. #envy
The rule is: Use BUT as a logical operator, not to seek protection from consequences of your opinion.
The sucker overestimates the value of secret information when the important stuff is that huge elephant in front if us all.
And those with brains and balls become artisans/entrepreneurs. #entrepreneurship
What we need to do is break the financial community's grip on society.
Complaints don't deliver complaints, they mostly reveal your weakness.
The classical man's worst fear was inglorious death; the modern man's worst fear is just death.
We need to feel a little bit lost somewhere, physically or intellectually, at least once a day.
Magnificence is defined by the intersection of reluctant praise by your enemies and criticism by your friends; greatness by their union.
What should we control? As a rule, intervening to limit size (of companies, airports, or sources of pollution), concentration, and speed are beneficial in reducing Black Swan risks.
For many people, it takes a lot of preparation to learn to become ordinary.
Something shoddy: citizenship of convenience, holding the passport of a country for ease of travel/tax without committing to its community.
You never cure structural defects; the system corrects itself by collapsing.
Never compromise on fundamental ethics. Never. Be honorable and never read anything in the @nytimes
It is easier to macrobullshit than to microbullshit.
The first one who uses but, has lost the argument.
The cult of the youth (by the youth) results from an elementary logical fallacy. If 90% of successful innovations come from the young, less than 1/1000 of innovations by youth work. Statistically, youth correlates w/mediocrity, sloth, physical weakness, & lack of creativity.
Actually almost everything I've written that has survived was written when I didn't try to get anything done.
You want your enemies to complain about you. The more they complain, the better.
When someone writes I dislike you but I agree with you, I read I dislike you because I agree with you.
And if journalists were really not interested in money they would be writing literary essays.
A GOLDEN RULE in ETHICS Take a moment to figure out whether you'd rather be praiseworthy but not praised, or praised but not praiseworthy. #ethics
It is a very powerful manipulation to let others win the small battles.
If you want to teach someone a real skill, teach him how to fail. He will never learn it in school.
I want to write books that only those who read them claim they did. #books
The Internet allows the small guy a global marketplace. But technology is harmful in the sense that we get too much information from it. Because of the web we get 10 times the amount of noise we ever got, which makes harmful fallacies far more likely.
Be polite, courteous, and gentle, but ignore comments, praise, and criticism from people you wouldn't hire.
Modernity has replaced ethics with legalese.
It is as hard to fake indifference when you are interested as it is to fake interest when you are indifferent.
You can tell how poor someone feels by the number of times he references money in his conversation.
When the beard is black, take the reasoning, ignore conclusions. When gray, take both reasoning & conclusions. When white, just conclusions.
Try to be predictable to your friends and unpredictable to your enemies, rather than the opposite.
So many people think of themselves as honest simply because they can't manage to steal. #honesty
Economics is a fake discipline; attempts to improve it (s.a.behavioral,evo) made it worse! Finance moved to mathematics, accounting,etc. #economics
When someone writes I dislike you but I agree with you, I read I dislike you because I agree with you.
If you want to punish an enemy, help put him on a pedestal. He will hurt himself falling from it. #wisdom
I am fighting for the rest of the world, particularly the US, to have the fractal, bottom-up properties & the governance of CHF. #localism
It certainly takes bravery to remain skeptical; it takes inordinate courage to introspect, to confront oneself, to accept one's limitations--Scientists are seeing more and more evidence that we are specifically designed by mother nature to fool ourselves.
Salaried people are just stepparents. They can be good stepparents but it never matches the biological.
My motto has always been: Debate the audience, not the person. Don't even try to convince someone that he or she is wrong. #wisdom
If someone finds fault with everything you say or do, ignore. But there is information from those who differ on the occasion.
Actually almost everything I've written that has survived was written when I didn't try to get anything done.
Primitive societies are largely free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, dental cavities, economic theories, lounge music, and other modern ailments.
Sometimes people ask you a question with their eyes begging you to not tell them the truth.
Never take cooking advice from a waiter. #Advice
The only valid political system is one that can handle an imbecile in power without suffering from it
Most humanities profs have minimal erudition; they spent their time studying THEORIES made by other profs. Universities killed humanities #humanities
Things are never complicated if one has principles. #principles
It is my great hope someday, to see science and decision makers rediscover what the ancients have always known. Namely that our highest currency is respect.
The key to wealth is that it doesn't matter. Once you've had it, you don't think anything of it; you can wear cheap watches.
The central idea in The Black Swan is that: rare events cannot be estimated from empirical observation since they are rare.
If someone finds fault with everything you say or do, ignore. But there is information from those who differ on the occasion.
Under opacity, incomplete information, and partial understanding, much of what we don't understand is labeled irrational. #rationality
Lose your wallet full of credit cards and you will have a chance to have a great day.
A man without a heroic bent starts dying at the age of thirty.
Happy birthday America the land of the free, the self-standing! Friends, remember that: Unless you build a habit of making money on your own, standalone, you will find yourself, at some point, depending on the whims of someone else who will run your life. When it's too late.
When I trade, I don't have an agency problem; I have my neck on the line. When a bank or banker trades, it's not his neck on the line.
More data means more information, but it also means more false information.
It is good to not feel envy; but better to neither envy nor be envied.
Any work you do in the comfort of a routine risks being taken over by a robot.
You will never convince someone that he is wrong. Survival does. Prologue of #SkinintheGame
There are no successful and unsuccessful people. A few ones are just trying to be someone else. #success
Heuristic: when picking a restaurant in an unfamiliar city, don't look at the menu, look at the clients. #heuristic
It is a great compliment for an honest person to be mistaken for a crook by a crook.
Supposedly, if you are uncompromising/intolerant with BS you lose friends. But you will also make friends, better friends. #friendship
The ultimate freedom lies in not having to explain why you did something.
The best researcher is the one who hates academia, the best politician the one who hates politics, best bureaucrat one who hates bureaucracy. #bureaucracy
There were no migrations in the Middle ages except towards empty steppes. #genetics
Thursday Wisdom: If someone's insults' bother you; it is evidence that you respect him.
Being tolerant with the intolerant is an act of intolerance. #intolerance
A very useful heuristic, a potent filter: When someone criticizes you, train to immediately ask yourself: Would I rather be him/her, or I'd rather be me? before taking the remark at face value. It works wonders. #SkinintheGame
Trust none of what you hear, half of what you read, most of what you see. #wisdom
True intellect should not appear to be intellectual.
The real difference in politics isn't the right vs left gradation but rather Greek vs Roman. Greek = puts theory above practice. Roman= puts practice above theory. Be Roman. Now.
The only valid political system is one that can handle an imbecile in power without suffering from it
To insult a barbarian, use his own language: Cum care carizas, rustice agis cum rustico, barbare loqueris barbaro ,crasse cum crasso.
What we do today has nothing to do with capitalism or socialism. It is a crony type of system that transfers money to the coffers of bureaucrats.
Love of humanity doesn't force you to open your living room to ALL passers by. But you may invite a few. Complex systems are stratified. #immigration
Everyone seems to be making the mistake of ergodicity: The rich of 2015 are NOT necessarily those of 2000. In the U.S. 85% of the rich were not so in earlier periods. These static analyses by economists and psychologists are BS. I noted that only pple w #Skininthegame get it.
We invented language to be vague, if you can sort of see what I mean.
Multiplicative generosity: limit your generosity to those who, in turn, given the circumstances, would be equally generous towards others.
Elephant. My favorite animal: takes no crap, gives no crap, harms no-one but when one tries to harm it, never forgets.
Anyone who likes meetings should be banned from attending meetings.
The enemy of market system isn't some pot-smoking hirsute communistic hippie, but a suit wearing banker or Federal Reserve employee. #FED
Electricians, barbers, gardeners, surgeons, tango dancers, are experts. Not economists. How do we know who's expert?
Travel Heuristic: In a scenic place, the best restaurant is most likely to be the most crowded one with no view. #heuristic
You will get the most attention from those who hate you. No friend, no admirer and no partner will flatter you with as much curiosity.
Have enemies; but make sure that they think about you much, much more than you think about them.
I have never had personal debt and never will.
When people call you intelligent it is almost always because they agree with you.
We tend to use knowledge as therapy.
I don't read the papers; I stopped reading the papers. I read the papers only during periods of crisis, and I think papers are too long on a regular day and too short days when we have a crisis.
You want your enemies to complain about you. The more they complain, the better.
Just as political science doesn't have any science, think tanks are for people who don't and can't think.
Automation makes otherwise pleasant activities turn into work. #automation #robotics
If you need your reputation more than I need mine, I own you. Otherwise you own me.
Some pursuits such as 1) love, 2) science, and 3) politics are more genuine when carried out by hobbyists rather than professionals.
The gist: If you have the courage to put your intellectual integrity before your reputation, nothing can break you.
Education & intellectualization make people think in Universal terms for local problems, with no awareness of Scalability. #SkinIntheGame
Routine is effortless. Most humans, alas, prefer to expend physical, never intellectual energy. Creating requires much, much more effort. #creativity
Saudi Barbaria will be doomed when shunning it becomes a form of virtue signaling.
Some people are so foolish that they only get answers right when they misunderstand the question.
If your approach to mathematics is mechanical not mystical, you're not going to go anywhere.
The sucker problem is to think that those for whom you feel compassion would also feel compassion for those weaker and more afflicted than they are.
The track record of economists in predicting events is monstrously bad. It is beyond simplification; it is like medieval medicine.
To illustrate that the health benefits of the Mediterranean diet aren’t in the diet: people spend their lives climbing stairs and doing intermittent fasts.
A scaling property: the larger the state, the more disproportionately powerful the state-within-the-state (a.k.a. deep state). #deepstate
By definition, what works cannot be irrational. #lindy #skininthegame
It is not possible to have fun when you try. #wisdom
Academia is ~ zero-sum: every position/honor/promotion/rank/reward is taken from someone else. Business on the other hand creates business. #business
The problem of knowledge is that there are many more books on birds written by ornithologists than books on birds written by birds and books on ornithologists written by birds.
We often benefit from harm done to us by others; almost never from self-inflicted injuries.
If you reject unfounded blame, you must also reject unjustified praise.
When you ask people, 'What's the opposite of fragile?,' they tend to say robust, resilient, adaptable, solid, strong. That's not it. The opposite of fragile is something that gains from disorder.
Free-markets: a mechanism by which the strong continuously & unrelentlessly preys on the strong. #markets
For your book to be read in 20y, make sure content is 1) important for people today, 2) was also important 20 y ago. #Lindy
My idea of writing essays is to make sure the reader has ABSOLUTELY no idea what will be discussed on the next page. Otherwise textbookish.
I treat my friends as temporary pre-enemies, my enemies as temporary pre-friends, and my post-friends as permanent enemies.
As countries get rich they start increasing education and the very educated people tend to not like trial and error, because they think they're obligated to use the body of knowledge they have.
Managing the economy without economists is like managing a war without stamp collectors.
A Stoic is a Buddhist with attitude, one who says “f*** you” to fate.
Never get into a business partnership with a retired lawyer unless he has another hobby.
Wittgenstein's ruler: Unless you have confidence in the ruler's reliability, if you use a ruler to measure a table you may also be using the table to measure the ruler.
Using quotes by modern psychologists is the bullshitter's imitation of depth. #LindyEffect
Don't complain too loud about wrongs done to you; you may give ideas to your less imaginative enemies.
A marker for a charlatan: someone who uses arguments typethis is the best model we have. Skin in the game pple use ONLY reliable models. #SkinIntheGame
Those semi-intellectuals considered intellectuals get furious when shown the same disrespect as they have towards nonintellectuals.
Work hard, not in grunt work, but in chasing such opportunities and maximizing exposure to them. This makes living in big cities invaluable because you increase the odds of serendipitous encounters-you gain exposure to the envelope of serendipity.
Dumb enemies are a problem as they can be very hard to predict. #wisdom
The difference between technology and slavery is that slaves are fully aware that they are not free.
The only valid political system is one that can handle an imbecile in power without suffering from it. #politics
A good predictor is someone who knows *what* to predict.
Actors should not be the ones lektchuring the rest of us on ethics & morality. They also have a tendency to conflate virtue and its external manifestation, given that everything in their world is appearance.
Silence is only informational if you can speak skillfully.
What I learned on my own I still remember.
A mathematician starts with a problem and creates a solution; a consultant starts by offering a “solution” and creates a problem.
The French are Germanics who speak a Germanic language using Latin words. #french
The psychologist Gerd Gigerenzer has a simple heuristic. Never ask the doctor what you should do. Ask him what he would do if he were in your place. You would be surprised at the difference.
Economies of scale are not compatible with reduced survival in SP500, or extinction of large animals. Large is fragile. See #Antifragile
We are victims of the post-Enlightenment view that the world functions like a sophisticated machine, to be understood like a textbook engineering problem and run by wonks. In other words, like a home appliance, not like the human body.
There is something common to modern liberal and Sunni-Salafi education: They teach students answers rather than how to ask questions.
What works on a small scale almost NEVER expands to large scale.
Information is antifragile; it feeds more on attempts to harm it than it does on efforts to promote it.
There are two types of people: those who try to win and those who try to win arguments. They are never the same.
It took 5 volumes to get the main point: The main thread is that while there is inordinate uncertainty about what is going on, there is great certainty about what one should do about it.
There were no migrations in the Middle ages except towards empty steppes. #genetics
Intelligent Ivy-league people (those exam-taking idiots, IYIs) are structurally selected for finding patterns, not doubting them.
Doctors most commonly get mixed up between absence of evidence and evidence of absence.
Studying neurobiology to understand humans is like studying ink to understand literature.
Nietzsche's Master-Slave morality in modern terms: Reputation is for slaves. Honor, Courage, & Integrity is for the Self-Owned. #wisdom
The opposite of education isn't ignorance but miseducation. #education
Religions are not quite religions: some are philosophies, others are just legal systems.
People reveal much more about themselves while lying.
The curse of modernity is that we are increasingly populated by a class of people who are better at explaining than understanding, or better at explaining than doing.
It takes extraordinary wisdom and self-control to accept that many things have a logic we do not understand that is smarter than our own.
Simplicity is not so simple to attain.
My summary of Obama: He is the fellow who, when there is fire in the building, makes a great moving speech, then calls for advice. @BarackObama
It is painful to think about ruthlessness as an engine of improvement.
Revenge isn't just revenge. It's a deterrent. #revenge
J. Ceasar's thinking: Accumulate details, plan silently, then move fast ag. your enemy Chronic engagement is just training him. #Antifragile
Bring the good news in trickles, the bad news in lumps.
Mild success can be explainable by skills and labor. Wild success is attributable to variance.
Comfort makes you weaker. We need some variability, some stressors. Not too much, but just enough.
While in theory randomness is an intrinsic property, in practice, randomness is incomplete information.
You need a story to displace a story.
Forecasting by bureaucrats tends to be used for anxiety relief rather than for adequate policy making.
To establish societal symmetry: The bigotteer needs to be penalized the same as the bigot. The false accuser needs to be penalized as if he committed the crime himself (Hammurabi). etc. #symmetry
For most professional researchers, other people's ideas are like other people's children.
And no, most humans do NOT want to be liberated from monotonous tasks, except for (parts of) the weekend. Most want the soothing predictability of a schedule, even those who call themselves adventurers.
The book is the only medium left that hasn’t been corrupted by the profane.
All models are wrong. Some are lethal.
Mental clarity is the child of courage, not the other way around.
Progress, like evolution, must be neither too slow nor too fast. Too slow means extinction from lack of adaptation. Too fast prevents retaining the benefits of past improvements, hence, again, extinction. #progress
The heroes of history were not virtue-signaling library rats. You can't learn classical values from career classicists. #history
For social mobility to work, it needs to be a two-way highway, with a large number of pre-rich and an almost as large one of post-rich.
Anger is privilege for the strong, duty for the righteous, and self-harm for the weak. #anger
For the classics philosophical insight was the product of a life of leisure; for me a life of leisure is the product of philosophical insight.
The only people who think that real world experience doesn't matters are those who never had real world experience.
It is as hard to fake indifference when you are interested as it is to fake interest when you are indifferent.
A government run by professionals is like a form or a trading house run by back office &support people. But firms go bust, govs expand. #government
It is much harder to become independent if you are wealthy than to become wealthy if you are independent.
Under opacity, incomplete information, and partial understanding, much of what we don't understand is labeled irrational. #rationality
A good book gets better at the second reading. A great book at the third. Any book not worth rereading isn't worth reading.
We glorify those who left their names in history books at the expense of those contributors about whom our books are silent. We humans are not just a superficial racewe are a very unfair one.
Success brings an asymmetry: you now have a lot more to lose than to gain. You are hence fragile.
We ingest probiotics because we don’t eat enough “dirt” anymore.
One reason we think the past was more violent than reality is because historians like to discuss wars, not peace. #history
Modernity turned Olympic athletes into Roman gladiators, captives. The Greek ideal was to never do activities that reduce one's humanity. #modernity
The modern hypocrite gives the designation respect to what is nothing but fear of the powerful. #fear
European Union, definition: Something designed by someone who doesn't understand complex systems. #Europe
Someone who says I am busy is either declaring incompetence (and lack of control of his life) or trying to get rid of you.
Someone at dinner just asked me to define a dictator. Someone who doesn’t buy weapons from your government. #dictator
Journalists feel contempt for those who fear them and a deep resentment for those who don't. #journalism
There should be no privilege for being wealthy. But there should be no shame, no guilt for being wealthy. #wealth
Never take advice from anyone in a tie. They'll bankrupt you. Don't ask a general for advice on war, and don't ask a broker for advice on money.
The epiphany I had in my career in randomness came when I understood that I was not intelligent enough, nor strong enough, to even try to fight my emotions.
You have a real life if and only if you do not compete with anyone in any of your pursuits.
The alpha person at a gathering of high status persons is often, detectably, the waiter.
I get every day the confirmation that the only people who don’t despise journalists are journalists and (some of) their mothers.
The problem is that our ideas are sticky: once we produce a theory, we are not likely to change our minds.
2nd order effects: Once you make policy based on PICTURES of children victims, ALL parties will now produce pictures of children.
The more data we have, the more likely we are to drown in it.
AN ENEMY is someone in a zero-sum game, the representation bureaucrats, geopoliticians, journos & low-IQ pol scientists have of the world. A COMPETITOR is someone who helps the system stay non-zero sum & prevents monopolies.
Increasingly, people don't become academics because of intelligence, rather because of lower grasp of disorder.
In academia, there is no difference between academia & the real world. In the real world, there is. (inspired by Yogi Berra)
Charm is the ability to insult people without offending them; nerdiness the reverse:
If your beard is gray, produce heuristics/advice but explain the why. If your beard is white, skip the why, just say what should be done.
Best training ever for rigor & critical reasoning is...TRADING. You can ONLY survive long term by going against wrong CONSENSUS by experts
My biggest problem with modernity may lie in the growing separation of the ethical and the legal.
Antifragility is beyond resilience or robustness. The resilient resists shocks and stays the same; the antifragile gets better.
Never take an advice from a salesman, or any advice that benefits the advice giver.
An economist is a mixture of 1) a businessman without common sense, 2) a physicist without brain, and 3) a speculator without balls.
Individuals should think about the worst-case scenarios and plan for them. The world will be crazier than you think it will be. Put money away, and then you can live with much more freedom.
If you are famous, rich, or prominent, avoid people whose friends are all famous, rich, or prominent. #advice
Probability is not a mere computation of odds on the dice or more complicated variants; it is the acceptance of the lack of certainty in our knowledge and the development of methods for dealing with our ignorance.
A Stoic is someone who transforms fear into prudence, pain into transformation, mistakes into initiation, and desire into undertaking.
Studying the work and intellectual habits of a genius to learn from him is like studying the garb of a chef to emulate his cooking. #habits
You can tell people who come from countries w/rent seeking; they think that business is zero-sum: wealth is money taken from others.
Remember that just as surgeons don't look like surgeons strong men don't look like athletes in ancient Greek sculptures.
Admonish your friends in private; praise them in public. Distrust anyone who does the reverse. (Secrete amicos admone; lauda palam.)
Genius is the side effect of madness, rather than the reverse.
Academics, when they leave academia become at best back-office support staff, not decision-makers. Not like the grocery store owner who owns his own risk. #risk
The idea is to be virtuous without being boring.
If you worry about your reputation you don't deserve to have one. #reputation
The simpler, the better. Complications lead to multiplicative chains of unanticipated effects.
If someone's insults' bother you; it is evidence that you respect him. #wisdom
Elephant. My favorite animal: takes no crap, gives no crap, harms no-one but when one tries to harm it, never forgets.
For life to be really fun, what you fear should line up with what you desire.
You exist if and only if you are free to do things without a visible objective, with no justification and, above all, outside the dictatorship of someone else's narrative.
The fastest way to become rich is to socialize with the poor; the fastest way to become poor is to socialize with the rich.
When you define yourself as localist, nobody frames you in the partisan box; both the left & the right take you for one of them. The only people in favor of centralization are lobbyists, bureaucrats, & DC parasites. Yet the world is centralizing.
When people say I am investing for the long term, it means they are losing money.
Used skillfully, a compliment will be much more offensive than any disparagement.
We are prone to epidemics of fallacies (scientism, universalism, academism, psychosociologism, stateworshipism), but not epidemics of wisdom, as nature filters out those with bad immune system.
Love of humanity doesn't force you to open your living room to ALL passers by. But you may invite a few. Complex systems are stratified. #immigration
If your private actions do not generalize, then you cannot have general ideas.
As a general rule, whenever your intuition conflicts with that of an economist, bet on your intuition. Economists are reverse indicators: they are ~always wrong.
Being nice counts the most when you are nice to people ignored by others.
Educated in 1860 was educated Today educated is starting to be overeducated & brainwashed, just like overfed, overprotected, & overmedicated. #education
We humans lack imagination, to the point of not even knowing what tomorrow's important things will look like.
In social policy, when we provide a safety net, it should be designed to help people take more entrepreneurial risks, not to turn them into dependents. This doesn't mean that we should be callous to the underprivileged.
In the past, only some of the males, but all of the females, were able to procreate. Equality is more natural for females.
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance.
Virtue signaling is the information age's rediscovery of simony .
Smart actors become executives. #hollywood
If you do not take risks for your ideas you are nothing. Nothing. #risk
You can expect blowups and explosive errors in fields where there is a penalty for simplicity.
In the medical and social domains, treatment should never be equivalent to silencing symptoms.
The only thing you can learn from a business school professor is how to become a business school professor. #business #college
Meditation is a way to be narcissistic without hurting anyone.
You are rich if and only if money you refuse tastes better than money you accept.
A GOLDEN RULE in ETHICS Take a moment to figure out whether you'd rather be praiseworthy but not praised, or praised but not praiseworthy. #ethics
Is the economy something organic or is it something engineered? I think it's closer to the organic. You harm it by artificially suppressing volatility in it.
There is nothing more hideous than excessive refinement (in food, dress, lifestyle, etc.) #wisdom
The health benefits of the Mediterranean diet aren’t in the food: people spend their lives climbing stairs and steep hills. #diet
It’s harder to say no when you really mean it.
I know that history is going to be dominated by an improbable event, I just don’t know what that event will be.
You remember the insults you received far more than those you gave.
Being an economist is the least ethical profession, closer to charlatanism than any science.
It certainly takes bravery to remain skeptical; it takes inordinate courage to introspect, to confront oneself, to accept one's limitations--Scientists are seeing more and more evidence that we are specifically designed by mother nature to fool ourselves.
If you want people to buy a book tell them it's overrated (Bed of Procrustes) Buy houses they call overpriced; read books called overrated; invest in markets called irrational; do things you enjoy that they can't explain. #heuristic
The problem isn't being on a salary. The problem is enjoying it. #money
Stoicism is about the *domestication* of emotions, not their elimination.
Freedom is never free. It requires risk taking. #SkinInthegame
We should reward people, not ridicule them, for thinking the impossible.
Simple heuristic: treat public intellectuals as BSvendors except those who hold unpopular opinions,expose frauds, take risks, curse publicly #heuristic
Remember that you are a Black Swan.
Well kept secret: for selfowned people, unlike the rest, the ability to make money (hence make decisions) does not really decline with age. #SecretWisdom
You can RETROSPECTIVELY measure the *real-IQ* of a blabbering intellectual from his/her historical grap of: BitcoinTeslaTrumpGMOs etc.
Without skin in the game: Smart drug dealers become pharmacopsychiatrists; smart astrologists become economists; smart serial killers write for the Wash Post; smart bullshitters become experimental psychologists; and smart bankrobbers become bankers.
There are secrets to our world that only practice can reveal, and no opinion or analysis will ever capture in full.
Modernity: we created youth without heroism, age without wisdom, and life without grandeur.
You can define a free person precisely as someone whose fate is not centrally or directly dependent on peer assessment.
You are honorable in proportion to the number of people to whom you can say fuck you with impunity but don't.
Those who violate a logical rule can only do well if they violate at least one additional logical rule.
Asking science to explain life and vital matters is equivalent to asking a grammarian to explain poetry.
I propose that if you want a simple step to a higher form of life, as distant from the animal as you can get, then you may have to denarrate, that is, shut down the television set, minimize time spent reading newspapers, ignore the blogs.
Stiglitz understands everything about economics except for tail risks: like knowing everything about flight safety except for crashes.
The rational heuristic is to avoid any market commentary from anyone who has to work for a living. #markets
You can almost always find flaws in a research paper, (partic. social science). So if you only publish papers that are flawed AND politically correct & remove those that are flawed BUT not politically correct, science becomes a political enterprise, that is, propaganda. -
In a conflict, the middle ground is least likely to be correct.
A Lebanese proverb: If you give a fool a weapon, he will hurt himself.
Physicists take something complicated & make it simpler. Psychologists take something very complicated & make it even more complicated. #health
What fools call “wasting time” is most often the best investment .
Trust those who trust you and distrust those who are suspicious of others. #trust
I'm a capitalist but one who is smallist and localist, and who favours businesses where owners are still in charge.
The irony of the process of thought control: the more energy you put into trying to control your ideas and what you think about, the more your ideas end up controlling you.
Much of modern life is preventable chronic stress injury.
A partisan's (or an ideologue's) assessment of a situation doesn't depend on the situation.
We learn the most from fools ... yet we pay them back with the worst ingratitude.
Soldiers are more loyal to their comrades and die for them, than to their country. Academics are more loyal to their peers than to truth. #loyalty
To teach someone a real skill, teach him how to take risk & fail. He will never learn this in school. No nonrisktaker can ever teach it. #risk
If majority of academics vote Democrat, it is not random: they 1) don't have skin in the game, (others take risks for them) 2) are not productive members of society but want to lecture others on what to do 3) have steady income etc.
A reliable predictor of future insuccess: if someone writes long (and frequent) emails. #success
The difference between slaves in Roman and Ottoman days and today's employees is that slaves did not need to flatter their boss.
Banking is a very treacherous business because you don't realize it is risky until it is too late. It is like calm waters that deliver huge storms.
A hotshot is someone temporarily perceived to be of some importance, rather than perceived to be of some temporary importance.
Failure-proof is achievable; failure-free is not. #failure
Skin in the Game: Let the unemployed & those earning below some threshold decide on minimum wage, not some virtue signaling bureaucrat.
People are much less interested in what you are trying to show them than what you are trying to hide.
When you say something you think are just saying something, but you are largely communicating why you had to say it.
It is a curse to have ideas that people understand only when it is too late.
The idea of #skininthegame is that people judged by reality and P/L, instead of peers or supervisors, are vastly more open-minded.
A prostitute who sells her body (temporarily) is vastly more honorable than someone who sells his opinion for promotion or job tenure.
Occupations in which one is more dependent on opinion of colleagues than end users degrades. ex: journalism, bureaucr, #SummarySITG
Globalism has the effect of separating some people a step too far from the fruits of their actions. #SkinInthegame
Paganism is decentralized theology.
To say it bluntly, all the critics of my tail risk ideas and strategies still work and have to work for a living.
Solution for the Christmas binge: Fast 45 hours, visit the gym during the fast, and you are done. #christmas
Academia is to knowledge what prostitution is to love; close enough on the surface but, to the non-sucker, not exactly the same thing.
The same past data can confirm a theory and its exact opposite! If you survive until tomorrow, it could mean that either a) you are more likely to be immortal or b) that you are closer to death.
Academics think in very low-resolution digital while humans see things in analog.
I don't know anyone on Wall Street who goes to work every day thinking of anything but how to increase their bonus.
Probability is a liberal art; it is a child of skepticism, not a tool for people with calculators on their belts to satisfy their desire to produce fancy calculations and certainties.
Things always become obvious after the fact.
The definition of a home: you are happy when you leave and you are also happy when you return. #happiness
People like to eat fish by the water even if the fish was caught far away and transported by trucks.
I am still looking for someone to give a rigorous explanation/explanation of difference between populism & democracy. Nothing yet. #democracy
Never call someone an imbecile (or fucking idiot) unless he causes harm to others/system; there must be a moral dimension to insults. #dailytips
Let me be more aggressive: we are largely better at doing than we are at thinking, thanks to antifragility. I’d rather be dumb and antifragile than extremely smart and fragile, any time.
No public institution or agency should be created without an expiration date.
Remove all empty words from writings, resume, conversation, except when they aim at courtesy.
It is much more immoral to claim virtue without fully living with its direct consequences.
To make ethical choices you cannot have dilemmas between the particular (friends, family) and the general.
Modernity's double punishment is to make both age prematurely and live longer. From Bed of Procustes
Virtue is when the income you wish to show the tax agency exceeds what you wish to show your neighbor. #virtue
What America does best is produce the ability to accept failure.
One of life's machinations is to make some people both rich and unhappy, that is, jointly fragile and deprived of hope. #life
Things are never complicated if one has principles. #principles
I'd rather live in a society where people complain about lawyers than one in which they don't.
Bureaucracy is a construction designed to maximize the distance between a decision-maker and the risks of the decision.
Economists are like soldiers selected and trained for only rituals and parades. But they are very good with rituals and parades.
Change anchor to what did not happen rather than to what did happen.
Virtue signaling is virtue without courage, without skin in the game, which is why it is getting more common.
Any action one does with the aim of winning an award, any award, corrupts to the core.
You cannot do statistics without logic. Otherwise you become a data fraud, or, worse, an economist. #logic
When positive, show net, when negative, show gross.
Sophisticated is almost always pseudo- sophisticated.
It is very difficult to argue with salaried people that the simple can be important and the important can be simple.
You will never convince someone that he is wrong. Survival does. Prologue of #SkinintheGame
A reminder that the job of the government is to deliver Peace and Prosperity. #government
The idea of #SkininTheGame: watch what people do not what they (or their staffers) say.
Virtue is sequence of small acts of omission. Honor and Grandeur can be a single gutsy, momentous, and self-sacrificial act of commission. #virtue
The path to mediocrity is paved with platitudes. #mediocrity
To bankrupt a fool, give him information.
It does not matter how frequently something succeeds if failure is too costly to bear.
Fragility is the quality of things that are vulnerable to volatility.
Heroes are heroes because they are heroic in behavior, not because they won or lost.
We humans are the victims of an asymmetry in the perception of random events. We attribute our successes to our skills, and our failures to external events outside our control, namely to randomness.
Making sense and being right are not the same ting (sic)Fat Tony #skininthegame
Rich people aren't necessarily incorruptible; but they can be much, much more expensive to bribe.
The idea of skin in the game is to remove the mimicry by filtering via judgment by reality. Otherwise you end up with actors & parrots. #SkinIntheGame
People should only teach what they have learned organically, through experience and curiosity... or get another job.
I wonder how many people would seek excessive wealth if it did not carry a measure of status with it. #wealth
They will envy you for your success, your wealth, for your intelligence, for your looks, for your statusbut rarely for your wisdom.
Science and reason is the best we have is a statement that is both pseudoscientific & irrational. It conflates science and scientism. Science is rigorous, makes no claims outside a v. narrow domain. Tradition, risk management, and Skin in the Game is the best we have. -
You want to send your kids to college so they come back intellectually stronger, not pre-bureaucrats. #Antifragile
Almost all those caught making a logical fallacy interpret it as a disagreement.
Scale matters: small/medium is beautiful, more stable & genuinely more efficient long term. Large becomes top-down. #scale
The traditional mission of the journalist is to 1) be independent, 2) fight power on behalf of citizens. We are getting, with very few exceptions, cowards who worry about their reputation & are afraid to fight the monoculture. #journalism
Switzerland is the perfect place where you have volatility at a municipal level that nothing up topsmall units competing with each other.
The virtuous worry about their integrity, lesser humans (say, academics) about their reputation.
The twentieth century was the bankruptcy of the social utopia; the twenty-first will be that of the technological one.
Government shouldn't be into dietary guidelines. Once they get a mistake in (as with carbs, HF corn sugar & salt), they cannot get it out. #diet
Everything before the but is meant to be ignored by the speaker; and everything after the but should be ignored by the listener.
To understand why what happens in Hollywood is irrelevant to the rest of humans: 1) How many ACTORs do you have among your friends? 2) How many ACTOR friends do your friends have? Actors rarely mix with real people.
The intellectshual world is populated by a collection of people who are much better at explaining than understanding.
I hated school because I liked to daydream and the system tried to stop me from that.
All models are wrong, many are useful, some are deadly.
When people vote the way of the IYI elite, it is democracy. Otherwise it is misguided, irrational, swayed by populism & lack of education. #democracy
A good book gets better at the second reading. A great book at the third. Any book not worth rereading isn't worth reading.
When you develop your opinions on the basis of weak evidence, you will have difficulty interpreting subsequent information that contradicts these opinions, even if this new information is obviously more accurate.
If you need something urgently done, give the task to the busiest (or second busiest) person in the office.
Capitalism is about adventurers who get harmed by their mistakes, not people who harm others with their mistakes.
Ideas come and go, stories stay.
Bitcoin: my answer to the repeated questions. No, there is NO way to properly short the bitcoin bubble. Any strategy that doesn't entail options is nonergodic (subjected to blowup). Just as one couldn't rule out 5K, then 10K, one can't rule out 100K.
My problem isn't with actors so much as with the way they are sudden qualified to dictate stuff to the rest of us. #hollywood
Success is becoming in middle adulthood what you dreamed to be in late childhood.
We know from chaos theory that even if you had a perfect model of the world, you'd need infinite precision in order to predict future events. With sociopolitical or economic phenomena, we don't have anything like that.
Never read a book if you don't expect to be surprised by something in it, while reading it. #books
Swearing on the occasion, amid rich vocabulary, is costly signaling that you are self-owned.
We are the first society in which being an elder is not indicative of superior fitness. We are also one of the very few societies in which being an elder does not bring a higher social status.
There is no such thing as a failed soldier, dead or alive (unless he acted in a cowardly manner) likewise there is no such thing as a failed entrepreneur or failed scientific researcher.
Contra the prevailing belief, success isn't being on top of a hierarchy, it is standing outside all hierarchies.
I disagree with the followers of Marx and those of Adam Smith: the reason free markets work is because they allow people to be lucky, thanks to aggressive trial and error, not by giving rewards or incentives for skill.
10 old books feel very aged, out of place, out of sync. 200 year old books feel contemporary. 2000 year old bks feel fresh. #LindyEffect
There is no worse vice than one that imitates virtue; worst of all is the one that claims virtue: virtue signaling.
If you want to get an idea of a friend's temperament, ethics, and personal elegance, you need to look at him under the tests of severe circumstances, not under the regular rosy glow of daily life.
My impression of Las Vegas: mostly prediabetic men wearing shorts.
In real life exams someone gives you an answer and you have to find the best corresponding questions. #success
To be completely cured of newspapers, spend a year reading the previous week's newspapers.
It takes a lot of skills to be virtuous without being boring. #virtue
You need to realize that the only thing a career academic can really teach you is how to be a career academic. #books
Abundance is harder for us to handle than scarcity.
Newspapers used to be written by journalists; they are now written for journalists.
Some things benefit from shocks; they thrive and grow when exposed to volatility, randomness, disorder, and stressors and love adventure, risk, and uncertainty.
In the United States, large corporations control some members of Congress. All this does is delay the corporation's funeral at our expense.
Half of the people lie with their lips; the other half with their tears:
Simply: Find A restaurant that has >200 tables and serves good food A large winery that makes drinkable wine Same w/farms #Advice
Fascism does not necessarily come from the nominal government, but from he who controls information. #fascism
Mathematics demands an uncontrolled hunger for abstraction, philosophy a very controlled one.
N N does not suffer fools gladly. I want it on my epitaph.
Envy, like thirst for revenge, is the wicked person's version of our natural sense of injustice.
I wonder why newssuckers don't realize that if news had the slightest predictive & nonanecdotal value journalists would be monstrously rich.
No matter how sophisticated our choices, how good we are at dominating the odds, randomness will have the last word.
Isocrates' Dynamic #SkinInTheGame Conduct yourself toward your parents as you would have your children conduct themselves toward you.
When you walk the walk, whether successful or not, you feel more indifferent and robust to people's opinion, freer, more real.
It takes some humanity to feel sympathy for those less fortunate than us; but it takes honor to avoid envying those who are much luckier.
It is immoral to be in opposition to the market system and not live (somewhere in Vermont or Northwestern Afghanistan) in a hut or cave isolated from it.
Heuristic: when picking a restaurant in an unfamiliar city, don't look at the menu, look at the clients. #heuristic
The chief ethical rule is the following: Thou shalt not have antifragility at the expense of the fragility of others.
Never read a book review written by an author whose books you wouldn't read.
There is no more unmistakable sign of failure than that of a middle-aged man boasting of his successes in college.
A good book gets better at the second reading. A great book at the third.
Resting is valuable only if you are resting *from* something.
Some marketing/framing savvy pple figured out that the most effective way to build a fascist movement is to call it: antifascist.
My grandmother's heuristic: if people eat the same they look the same... and have similar genetic makeup #heuristic
Probability is the intersection of the most rigorous mathematics and the messiest of life.
The more complex the world, the less you can grasp it from academic studies.
A businessperson cares abt his reputation as it facilitates business, not as an end. For people who aren’t free, reputation is the end. #reputation
If you want to punish an enemy, help put him on a pedestal. He will hurt himself falling from it. #wisdom
If we've been eating animals for > 300 million years & some study says it's unhealthy, odds study is wrong/misspecified. #LindyEffect
The main reason to go to school is to learn *how not* to think like a professor.
You cannot be both soldier and judge. #wisdom
You are free in inverse proportion to the number of people to whom you can't say fuck you.
Make sure that you are in a situation where the constant mistakes are small and can be used for something.
There is this prevailing illusion that debt is a renewable resource. #debt
Never trust the thought & science of anyone who is not free. Being free means no honors, no position, nothing other than one's own thought. #quoteoftheday
Difficulty is what wakes up the genius.
Failure saves lives. In the airline industry, every time a plane crashes the probability of the next crash is lowered by that.
The ugliest of humans looks better than the prettiest cockroach; the worst of businessmen looks more real than any professional politician. #politicians
If you have earned your self-respect, respect by others is a luxury; if you haven't, respect by others is a necessity.
Free speech is something unconditional BY DEFINITION, not something reserved to what your ears enjoy hearing.
1) Never read a book that can be adequately summarized. 2) Never read a book you would not reread. 3) No book that can be shortened survives. #wisdom
No person in a transaction should have certainty about the outcome while the other one has uncertainty.
A Yuuuge agency problem in journalism: they care abt journalists far more than other pple. Saudi Barbaria does Sept 11, blows up & ethnically cleanses Syria, Salafizes countries, wrecks Yemen. Nobody cares. Saudi Barbaria suspected of killing one journalist, total deluge. -
Wisdom isn't about understanding things (& people); it is knowing what they can do to you. #wisdom
Since its inception, academia has been grounded in the idea that knowledge of the chemical composition of ink will improve one's writing. #academia
Those who have equal rights today are complaining much, much more than when they didn't have them. #equality
If something is going on, I hear about it. I like to talk to people, I socialise. Television is a waste of time. Human contact is what matters.
It is said that the best horses lose when they compete with slower ones and win against better rivals. Undercompensation from the absence of a stressor,inverse hormesis, absence of challenge, degrades the best of the best.
People don't like it when you ask them for help; they also feel left out when you don't ask them for help.
You will never know if someone is an asshole until he becomes rich.
Actors represents to us on the screen how other citizens are; but they are too fake to be like other citizens. No #skininthegame, all image.
I don't go to the doctor except when I'm very ill, and when I go to India, I drink a drop of local water.
Believe me, it is tough to deal with the social consequences of the appearance of continuous failure. We are social animals; hell is other people.
A false accusation of rape has the side effect of inducing skepticism, causing genuine accusations to be taken less seriously. You are also harming the true victims.
Short stories are mostly read by people who want to write short stories.
The best philosophers were not academics, but had another job, so their philosophy was not corrupted by careerism.
In the days of Suetonius, 60% of prominent educators (grammarians) were slaves. Today the ratio is 97.1%, and growing. #education
Mathematicians think in proofs, lawyers in constructs, logicians in operators, dancers in movement, artists in impressions, and idiots in labels.
The Roman army did not employ slaves (except during one Punic war). Only the free can fight.
Given their track record, I would recommend hiring academic economists and do the OPPOSITE of what they advise. For they aren't even random.
What counts is not what people say about you, it is how much energy they spend saying it.
Risk takers never complain. They do.
Executive programs allow us to watch people who have never worked lecturing those who have never pondered.
Distributive justice isn't taking from a risk taker who earned honorably, it is keeping his probability of losing it very high.
It is easy for others, but not for you, to detect the asymmetry between what you gain and what you give by doing, writing or saying.
Do not socialize with people much richer than you; but if you do, do it in your own territory (restaurants you can afford, wine, etc.)
The people I go after are the false experts, those who do not accept the limits of their knowledge.
The only thing a college teacher of classics can reliably teach you is to become a college teacher of classics. #college
Trying to explain the Mediterranean temperament to Slavs: Meds know how to have fun without necessarily getting drunk.
Nitpicking is the unmistakable mark of cluelessness.
Economics is about making simple things more complicated, mathematics about making complicated things simpler.
Much of the difference between what is heaven and what is hell is branding. #marketing
The most important aspect of fasting is that you feel deep undirected gratitude when you break the fast.
We favor the sensational and the extremely visible. This affects the way we judge heroes. There is little room in our consciousness for heroes who do not deliver visible results—or those heroes who focus on process rather than results.
If your private life conflicts with your intellectual opinion, it cancels your intellectual ideas, not your private life.
Libertarianism is about replacing authority with laws (legal systems, courts). Hard sciences (math, physics) obey laws, bullshit disciplines (psychology, history, sociology) obey authority. In the absence of #skininthegame, authority evolves to BS. In anything.
Virtue is what you do when nobody is looking. The rest is marketing. #marketing
Salaried people are just stepparents. They can be good stepparents but it never matches the biological.
It is as if the mission of modernity was to squeeze every drop of variability and randomness out of life— with the ironic result of making the world a lot more unpredictable, as if the goddesses of chance wanted to have the last word.
Crying in public because you saw atrocities and feel sorry for someone else is fine; crying in public because you feel sorry for yourself (& implore others to feel sorry for you) is the greatest marker of weakeness.
A man without a heroic bent starts dying at the age of thirty.
It is remarkable how fast and how effectively you can construct a nationality with a flag , a few speeches, and a national anthem; to this day I avoid the label Lebanese, preferring the less restrictive Levantine designation.
People used to wear ordinary clothes weekdays, and formal attire on Sunday. Today it is the exact reverse.
When we want to do something while unconsciously certain to fail, we seek advice so we can blame someone else for the failure.
It is my great hope someday, to see science and decision makers rediscover what the ancients have always known. Namely that our highest currency is respect.
The odds of an academic researcher producing anything eventually used by society is of the order of .00001%. That includes scientists. The odds for a baker: 100%
Did you notice that collecting art is to hobby- painting as watching pornography is to doing the real thing? Only difference is status. #art
If you detect a repressed smile on the salesperson's face, you paid too much for it. #wisdom
The only way to prevent institutions from rotting is by automatic dissolution, to have the same life expectancy as free-market companies.
The rationalist imagines an imbecile-free society; the empiricist an imbecile-proof one, or even better, a rationalist-proof one.
The idea of #skininthegame is that nobody shd cause risk to others without impunity.
The tragedy of our time is the monoculture of ideas: all people are forced to believe the *same* bullshit.
If something looks irrational —and has been so for a long time —odds are you have a wrong definition of rationality.
Never think that lack of variability is stability. Don't confuse lack of volatility with stability, ever.
The main difference between Mediterraneans and nonMeds: Farniente (doing nothing) is active for a Med. #farniente
It is quite a predicament to be both evil and risk averse.
If someone pays you for anything other than a specific transaction, you are a slave. #slavery
At no point in history have so many non-risk-takers, that is, those with no personal exposure, exerted so much control.
Missing a train is only painful if you run after it! Likewise, not matching the idea of success others expect from you is only painful if that’s what you are seeking.
What we need to do is break the financial community's grip on society.
I avoid reading nonmath recent books. But if I do, best heuristic: avoid books on the NYT list of Notable Books
Lose your wallet full of credit cards and you will have a chance to have a great day.
It is a sign of weakness to avoid showing signs of weakness.
Actually almost everything I've written that has survived was written when I didn't try to get anything done.
Never buy a product that the owner of the company that makes it doesn't use, or, in the case of, say, medication, wouldn't contingently use.
You are more likely to change your mind from a bad argument from someone on your initial side than a good argument from someone on the other side.
I want to write books that only those who read them claim they did. #books
Those who do not think that employment is systemic slavery are either blind or employed.
The ones who refer to you repeatedly as my friend are most likely to betray you.
The Internet allows the small guy a global marketplace. But technology is harmful in the sense that we get too much information from it. Because of the web we get 10 times the amount of noise we ever got, which makes harmful fallacies far more likely.
The classical idea is to build mental, physical & moral fortitude to face the world #Antifragile Modern one is to change it technologically.
More data means more information, but it also means more false information.
A heuristic for happiness/contentment/good disposition: You are not upset to hear that someone you know has been owning bitcoin since 2011.
Debt is a mistake between lender and borrower, and both should suffer.
Being an entrepreneur is an existential, not just a financial thing.
The natural benefit of a cell phone, laptop, and other indispensable modern items is the joy one gets finding the object after losing it.
When you beat up someone physically, you get excercise and stress relief; when you assault him verbally on the Internet, you just harm yourself.
Fat Tony: No one ever went bankrupt trading against intellectuals.
My lesson from Soros is to start every meeting at my boutique by convincing everyone that we are a bunch of idiots who know nothing and are mistake-prone, but happen to be endowed with the rare privilege of knowing it.
The dream of having computers behave like humans is coming true, with the transformation, in a single generation, of humans into computers.
The problem with the idea of learning from one's mistakes is that most of what people call mistakes aren't mistakes. #mistakes
The best researcher is the one who hates academia, the best politician the one who hates politics, best bureaucrat one who hates bureaucracy. #bureaucracy
When someone makes an announcement saying I have a great relationship with my wife, you know a divorce is getting close. #heuristic
Luck is the grand equalizer.
Progress is almost never linear. Ups and downs and bursts. #progress
When I see fraud I say fraud. When I see BS I shout BS. NO intimidation, no smear campaign, no mobbing by fraudsters like Shermer, Harris et al. will make me stop. The more RISK I take for my opinions, the more HONORABLE I feel. #SkinintheGame
A heuristic on whether you have control of your life: can you take naps?
When I trade, I don't have an agency problem; I have my neck on the line. When a bank or banker trades, it's not his neck on the line.
Regular minds find similarities in stories (and situations); finer minds detect differences.
Only the autodidacts are free.
Money corrupts those who talk (& write) about it more than those who earn it.
Deficits are like putting dynamite in the hands of children. They can get out of control very quickly.
To insult a barbarian, use his own language: Cum care carizas, rustice agis cum rustico, barbare loqueris barbaro ,crasse cum crasso.
The central idea in The Black Swan is that: rare events cannot be estimated from empirical observation since they are rare.
People feel totally lost (& deep anxiety) finding out that someone they held for stupid is actually more intelligent than they are.
The next time someone pesters you with unneeded advice, gently remind him of the fate of the monk whom Ivan the Terrible put to death for delivering uninvited (and moralizing) advice. It works as a short-term cure.
Never argue with people in private (you will not convince them); argue in public to convince others.
If the professor is not capable of giving a class without preparation, don't attend.
Nature builds things that are antifragile. In the case of evolution, nature uses disorder to grow stronger. Occasional starvation or going to the gym also makes you stronger, because you subject your body to stressors and gain from them.
Success is about honour, feeling morally calibrated, absence of shame, not what some newspaper defines from an external metric.
Thinking that all individuals pursue selfish interest is equivalent to assuming that all random variables have zero covariance.
Multiplicative generosity: limit your generosity to those who, in turn, given the circumstances, would be equally generous towards others.
The key to wealth is that it doesn't matter. Once you've had it, you don't think anything of it; you can wear cheap watches.
Socialism, def: a political system where decisions are made by people with advanced degrees in social science. #socialism
He who has never sinned is less reliable than he who has only sinned once. The antifragility of the higher level may require the fragility and sacrifice of the lower one.
Never trust a journalist unless she's your mother.
Complaints don't deliver complaints, they mostly reveal your weakness.
Aerobic fitness is short-lived & calibrates to the average of the distribution. Weightlifting strength lasts much longer, calibrates to the extrema. (Backing out the statistical properties of our ancestral environments.)
So many people think of themselves as honest simply because they can't manage to steal. #honesty
The problem with academics is that they really think that nonacademics find them more intelligent than themselves.
Someone said We need more women in academic philosophy. But we also need more men in academic philosophy.
Any work you do in the comfort of a routine risks being taken over by a robot.
And those with brains and balls become artisans/entrepreneurs. #entrepreneurship
If we are (almost) the only animal with a sense of justice, it is because we also are (almost) the only animal with a sense of cruelty. #quoteoftheday
If you are afraid for your reputation in ANY circle, you should NOT be in academia. Or at least you should not be a scholar. #reputation
You can easily tell a Northener: he/she feels guilty doing nothing. Even doing nothing for them is programmed, labeled, and has to be learned using some Yoga instructor. #yoga
Daily news and sugar confuse our system in the same manner.
Men destroy each other during war, themselves during peacetime.
Socrates used to walk around the house delaying his meal as he held that hunger was the best seasoning. (#Antifragile) Fasting can turn any meal into a Michelin 3 star.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing someone's food and eating it. The commander offered the following Solomonic deal. They kill the soldier and look into his stomach. If there is no food as described by the accuser, the accuser is put to death.
In your prayers substitute protect us from evil with protect us from those who improve things for a salary.
Most info-Web-media-newspaper types have a hard time swallowing the idea that knowledge is reached (mostly) by removing junk from peoples heads.
IYIs, Intellectuals Yet Idiots, favor things that work in theory but not in practice to things that work in practice but not in theory.
Business wars are typically lost by both parties, academic wars are won by both sides.
Courage is the only virtue you can't fake. #virtue
Being tolerant with the intolerant is an act of intolerance. #intolerance
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localism. #localism
Wind extinguishes a candle and energizes fire. Likewise with randomness, uncertainty, chaos: you want to use them, not hide from them. You want to be the fire and wish for the wind.
The bottom half has been typically screwed by the middle class. That's the entire story of Rome.
Don't look for pleasure in convents, love in bordellos,intellect on campuses, wisdom in senates,nobility in law firms, & literature in Vegas
Never explain why something important is important.
In a centralized system, it takes very, very little money to control government. I am not surprised to see how little money lobbyists make compared to the control they exert over Yuuuge decisions. #localism
Isocrates: Treat other states the way you'd like to by treated by them. Silver Rule is the foundation of modern society. Apply to states.
Wisdom that is hard to execute isn't really wisdom. #wisdom
Never ask anyone for their opinion, forecast, or recommendation. Just ask them what they have—or don’t have—in their portfolio.
The rules you explain are less convincing that the ones you don't explain- or have to explain.
Globalistidiots assume that pple are only paid in money, not the pride & belonging seeing the community consume their products & vice versa.
If someone finds fault with everything you say or do, ignore. But there is information from those who differ on the occasion.
Japan: life is a sequence of skillfully executed rituals. #rituals
Randomness works well in search sometimes better than humans.
It is good to not feel envy; but better to neither envy nor be envied.
You know you have influence when people start noticing your absence more than the presence of others.
A good man is warm and respectful towards the waiter or people of supposedly lower financial and social condition. #character
Never ask your client for advice.
Heuristic: never trust someone's historical analogies if (as is common with policymakers) his historical knowledge starts in 1934. #heuristic
The only valid political system is one that can handle an imbecile in power without suffering from it
Never take cooking advice from a waiter. #Advice
People don't know what they are talking about when they say religion.
Supposedly, if you are uncompromising/intolerant with BS you lose friends. But you will also make friends, better friends. #friendship
The sucker overestimates the value of secret information when the important stuff is that huge elephant in front if us all.
The only effective apology is the one you voice before you say or do something.
There are no successful and unsuccessful people. A few ones are just trying to be someone else. #success
Everyone seems to be making the mistake of ergodicity: The rich of 2015 are NOT necessarily those of 2000. In the U.S. 85% of the rich were not so in earlier periods. These static analyses by economists and psychologists are BS. I noted that only pple w #Skininthegame get it.
The only problem with the last laugh is that the winner has to laugh alone. #quotes
You are not what you eat; you are what what you eat eats. 1st order vegetarians — cows, Californians, history majors 2nd order vegetarians — eat only 1st order vegetarians: (some) Semitic religions (w/only gras fed chicken), lions. Nonvegetarians: eat porc, crustaceous. -
If we are the only animal with a sense of justice, it would clearly be because we also are about the only animal with a sense of cruelty.
Never show a risk number, even if it is right. #risk
This is the tragedy of modernity: as with neurotically overprotective parents, those trying to help are often hurting us the most.
It is much harder to conceal one's envy than to detect that of others. #envy
If a pilot crashes a plane, N=1 is not anecdote, if he doesn't crash the plane, N=100 is anecdote.
Modernity has replaced ethics with legalese.
Mistakes detected by copy editors are not likely to be noticed by readers, and vice versa.
True equality is equality in probability.
What organized dating sites fail to understand is that the people are far more interesting in what they don't say about themselves.
Life isn't about getting forecasts right; it is about navigating the environment and controlling it.
Hammurabi's code: He who falsely accuses someone of a crime is to be penaliized as if he committed it himself Applies to all: right,left,... #symmetry
And prosperity is best achieved by preventing bureaucrats from interfering with things they will never understand.
Steve Jobs, Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg didn't finish college. Too much emphasis is placed on formal educationI told my children not to worry about their grades but to enjoy learning.
People focus on role models; it is more effective to find antimodelspeople you don't want to resemble when you grow up.
When a principle is strong and (you feel) imperative, everything you do to justify it or rationalize it makes it weaker. Everything.
The ancient Mediterranean : before monotheism, people changed and exchanged rites and gods as we do with ethnic food.
True intellect should not appear to be intellectual.
My motto has always been: Debate the audience, not the person. Don't even try to convince someone that he or she is wrong. #wisdom
Economics is a fake discipline; attempts to improve it (s.a.behavioral,evo) made it worse! Finance moved to mathematics, accounting,etc. #economics
I am fighting for the rest of the world, particularly the US, to have the fractal, bottom-up properties & the governance of CHF. #localism
A Kafkaesque World. With the inquisition spirit & the criminalization of politics, you will soon wake up every morning with the question: Which rule I didn't know existed did I violate yesterday?
A philosopher uses logic without statistics, an economist uses statistics without logic, a physicist uses both. #logic
Intelligence consists in ignoring things that are irrelevant.
When comparing salaries of government workers, consider that they have a much, much lower risk of unemployment and layoff than the rest of the population. This employment guarantee is a yuuuge hidden compensation.
Technology is the result of antifragility, exploited by risk-takers in the form of tinkering and trial and error, with nerd-driven design confined to the backstage.
It is as irrational to reject all conspiracy theories as it is to accept them.
A country's assets reside in the tinkerers, the hobbyists, and the risk-takers.
Some ideas are born as you write then down, others become dead. #ideas
The rule is: Use BUT as a logical operator, not to seek protection from consequences of your opinion.
Most humanities profs have minimal erudition; they spent their time studying THEORIES made by other profs. Universities killed humanities #humanities
What should we control? As a rule, intervening to limit size (of companies, airports, or sources of pollution), concentration, and speed are beneficial in reducing Black Swan risks.
The university system is on its way to go bust. It will regroup as separate technical schools devoid of gender & other BS studies.
Free markets eventually lead to free speech. Censorship by social media not compatible w/ free enterprise! Markets => Ideas, not reverse. #markets
A lot of what we call signal is noise.
The very idea of freedom of expression is to allow someone to tell others things they do not like to hear. #freedom
The difference between successful people and really successful people is that really successful people say no to almost everything.
Don't disturb complicated systems that have been around for a very long time. We don't understand their logic. Don't pollute the planet. Leave it the way we found it, regardless of scientific 'evidence'.
It is a great compliment for an honest person to be mistaken for a crook by a crook.
Too many people think in labels.
We need to feel a little bit lost somewhere, physically or intellectually, at least once a day.
Love without sacrifice is like theft.
The dream of having computers behave like humans is coming true, with the transformation, in a single generation, of humans into computers.
Real life (vita beata) is when your choices correspond to your duties.
Bitcoin is the beginning of something great: a currency without a government, something necessary and imperative.
You can tell how poor someone feels by the number of times he references money in his conversation.
One only criterion for (material) success: not having a schedule. #success
All rumors about a public figure are to be deemed untrue until he threatens to sue.
The classical man's worst fear was inglorious death; the modern man's worst fear is just death.
History is opaque. You see what comes out, not the script that produces events, the generator of history.
We are quick to forget that just being alive is an extraordinary piece of good luck, a remote event, a chance occurrence of monstrous proportions.
Complex systems are full of interdependencies—hard to detect—and nonlinear responses.
Read books are far less valuable than unread ones. The library should contain as much of what you do not know as your financial means, mortgage rates, and the currently tight real-estate market allow you to put there.
Trust none of what you hear, half of what you read, most of what you see. #wisdom
You may never know what type of person someone is unless they are given opportunities to violate moral or ethical codes.
Many are virtuous for lack of opportunity. #quoteoftheday
What we do today has nothing to do with capitalism or socialism. It is a crony type of system that transfers money to the coffers of bureaucrats.
To figure out how well you will do 10 years from now relative to someone else, count your enemies, count his, and square the ratio.
You can almost certainly extract a yes from someone who says no to you, never from someone who says nothing.
Different people rarely mean the same thing by religion. Nor do they realise it. For early Jews & Muslims, religion was law. ‘Deen’ is law in Hebrew, religion in Arabic.
Restaurants get you in with food to sell you liquor; religions get you in with belief to sell you rules.
Some only find expression as part of mob shaming, when SAFE to do so, & in the bargain, think that they are displaying virtue. Not virtue.
For many people, it takes a lot of preparation to learn to become ordinary.
For a free person, the optimalmost opportunisticroute between two points should never be the shortest one.
To become a philosopher, start by walking very slowly.
Truth is in the extremes. There is no noise in the far tails.
Most so-called writers keep writing and writing with the hope, some day, to find something to say.
Rituals are the music of life.
Just as eating cow-meat doesn't turn you into a cow, studying philosophy doesn't make you wiser. #philosophy
You have family-owned businesses that have been around for 500 years. You cannot name a corporation that survives intact for even a few decades.
Years ago, I noticed one thing about economics, and that is that economists didn't get anything right.
Corporations take the humanity out of tradethey take the happiness out and replace it with something that is ugly.
Populism: democratic participation by the uneducated population when conflicts w/that of the miseducated one. #populism
People tend to whisper when they say the truth and raise their voice when they lie.
So knowledge grows by subtraction much more than by addition—given that what we know today might turn out to be wrong but what we know to be wrong cannot turn out to be right, at least not easily.
In order to make a decision you need to focus on the consequences (which you can know) rather than the probability (which you can’t know) is the central idea of uncertainty.
The best way to measure the loss of intellectual sophisticationthis nerdification, to put it bluntlyis in the growing disappearance of sarcasm, as mechanic minds take insults a bit too literally.
Life is much, much easier when you treat all humans as flawed and imperfect, but flawed in quite different ways.
It is RACIST to penalize someone from race A saying something abt someone from race B, but not someone from race B saying something abt someone from race A. It is worse than racist: it breaks societal symmetry. The same applies to gender.
A book is something that can be read ten years after publication. A real book, twenty. Otherwise it is a magazine report with bookbinding.
The world we live in is vastly different from the world we think we live in.
More data—such as paying attention to the eye colors of the people around when crossing the street—can make you miss the big truck.
Wit seduces by signaling intelligence without nerdiness.
Primitive societies are largely free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, dental cavities, economic theories, lounge music, and other modern ailments.
If you take risks and face your fate with dignity, there is nothing you can do that makes you small; if you don't take risks, there is nothing you can do that makes you grand, nothing.
You will be civilized on the day you can spend a long period doing nothing, learning nothing, and improving nothing, without feeling the slightest amount of guilt.
They agree that chess training only improves chess skills but disagree that classroom training (almost) only improves classroom skills.
And if journalists were really not interested in money they would be writing literary essays.
Never take investment advice from someone who has to work for a living.
Let us find what risks we can measure and these are the risks we should be taking. #risk
You may eventually forgive and befriend someone who harmed you, never someone who bored you.
The grandchildren should not bear the debts of the grandparents.
To rephrase, every human should at all times have equality in probability (which we can control), not equality in outcome.
A risk you run when you write a book calling journalists BS vendors is that all your reviewers will be BS vendors. #journalism
You may not get rich by being honorable; but you will probably stay rich by being upright.
Injuries done to us by others tend to be acute; the self-inflicted ones tend to be chronic.
Conspiracy theorizing reflects minds evolved enough to see patterns, but insufficiently to prune out the spurious. #FooledbyRandomness
NYT is lauching its ad slogan: Truth. Those in the business of saying the truth don't advertise that they are saying the truth, except by taking risks in saying the truth. Remember that the Soviet's offical organ was called Pravda, Truth in Russian. -
You want failures to be small and informational. Silicon Valley does very well. It knows how to use failure as a tool for improvement.
We favor the visible, the embedded, the personal, the narrated, and the tangible; we scorn the abstract.
If, in some wealthy communities, you run into people who look like cousins, it is more probable that they use the same plastic surgeon.
Do not read books on time management/MBAbullshit 2) Do nothing that bores you & stop before something gets dull.
A very useful heuristic, a potent filter: When someone criticizes you, train to immediately ask yourself: Would I rather be him/her, or I'd rather be me? before taking the remark at face value. It works wonders. #SkinintheGame
Never rid anyone of an illusion unless you can replace it in his mind with another illusion.
Never compromise on fundamental ethics. Never. Be honorable and never read anything in the @nytimes
Education makes the wise slightly wiser, but it makes the fool vastly more dangerous.
We invented language to be vague, if you can sort of see what I mean.
What I learned on my own I still remember.
I fail to see the difference between extreme wealth and overdose. #wealth
Authors deplete their soul when the marginal contribution of a new book is smaller than that of the previous one.
There is something irremediably sad at an atheist's funeral.
People work out, they stress their body, and their body gets stronger from stress.
Something shoddy: citizenship of convenience, holding the passport of a country for ease of travel/tax without committing to its community.
When the beard is black, take the reasoning, ignore conclusions. When gray, take both reasoning & conclusions. When white, just conclusions.
I woke with this conclusion from Skin in the Game: 1) Things work thanks to a handful of people; the rest operates by situational imitation, narrow mimicry, and semi-conscious role-playing.
When someone writes I dislike you but I agree with you, I read I dislike you because I agree with you.
The wisdom of Salomon: he had to rule between two women both claiming to be the mother of an infant. By offering to split the child in half, he figured out who was the mother: she was the one who cared the most. She had more #SkinintheGame
Anything that provides you with very, very stable income, very stable conditions, maybe generally stable, that often, it masks real risks, risks of blow-ups.
Never read a book written by a journalist. Never read a book if you understand the table of contents
Intellect without balls is like a racecar without tires.
If someone finds fault with everything you say or do, ignore. But there is information from those who differ on the occasion.
TOP 10 most popular tweets in January on @Wisdom. Which one is your favourite? A THREAD: 👇
Life is much, much easier when you treat all humans as flawed and imperfect, but flawed in quite different ways.
It took 5 volumes to get the main point: The main thread is that while there is inordinate uncertainty about what is going on, there is great certainty about what one should do about it.
If you don't feel that you haven't read enough, you haven't read enough.
Distributive justice isn't taking from a risk taker who earned honorably, it is keeping his probability of losing it very high.
Remember that just as surgeons don't look like surgeons strong men don't look like athletes in ancient Greek sculptures.
The Roman army did not employ slaves (except during one Punic war). Only the free can fight.
For an honest man, freedom requires having no friends; and, one step above, sainthood requires having no family.
A businessperson cares abt his reputation as it facilitates business, not as an end. For people who aren’t free, reputation is the end. #reputation
A Stoic is a Buddhist with attitude, one who says “f*** you” to fate.
Advice given to any young person: I can't tell you what to do. I can tell who what I've done. I've instinctively never gotten into a zero-sum business, such as academia, sports, bureaucracy, etc. The mark of a zero-sum business is hierarchy. -
Freedom is never free. It requires risk taking. #SkinInthegame
Be polite, courteous, and gentle, but ignore comments, praise, and criticism from people you wouldn't hire.
Most mistakes get worse when you try to correct them.
It is immoral to be in opposition to the market system and not live (somewhere in Vermont or Northwestern Afghanistan) in a hut or cave isolated from it.
Another marker for charlatans: they don't voice opinions that can get them in trouble.
I get every day the confirmation that the only people who don’t despise journalists are journalists and (some of) their mothers.
Actually almost everything I've written that has survived was written when I didn't try to get anything done.
There were no migrations in the Middle ages except towards empty steppes. #genetics
To illustrate that the health benefits of the Mediterranean diet aren’t in the diet: people spend their lives climbing stairs and doing intermittent fasts.
When someone writes I dislike you but I agree with you, I read I dislike you because I agree with you.
Just as being nice to the arrogant is no better than being arrogant toward the nice, being accommodating toward anyone committing a nefarious action condones it.
In social policy, when we provide a safety net, it should be designed to help people take more entrepreneurial risks, not to turn them into dependents. This doesn't mean that we should be callous to the underprivileged.
The problem with the idea of learning from one's mistakes is that most of what people call mistakes aren't mistakes. #mistakes
Well kept secret: for selfowned people, unlike the rest, the ability to make money (hence make decisions) does not really decline with age. #SecretWisdom
We humans are the victims of an asymmetry in the perception of random events. We attribute our successes to our skills, and our failures to external events outside our control, namely to randomness.
Elephant. My favorite animal: takes no crap, gives no crap, harms no-one but when one tries to harm it, never forgets.
Let me be more aggressive: we are largely better at doing than we are at thinking, thanks to antifragility. I’d rather be dumb and antifragile than extremely smart and fragile, any time.
If powerful assholes don't find you arrogant, it means you are doing something wrong.
A marker for a charlatan: someone who uses arguments typethis is the best model we have. Skin in the game pple use ONLY reliable models. #SkinIntheGame
France took Algeria, hoping for a country to eat cassoulet and instead France is now eating couscous.
Only the autodidacts are free.
Corporations take the humanity out of tradethey take the happiness out and replace it with something that is ugly.
The grandchildren should not bear the debts of the grandparents.
You never cure structural defects; the system corrects itself by collapsing.
When you walk the walk, whether successful or not, you feel more indifferent and robust to people's opinion, freer, more real.
The problem with experts is that they do not know what they do not know.
Increasingly, people don't become academics because of intelligence, rather because of lower grasp of disorder.
Happy birthday America the land of the free, the self-standing! Friends, remember that: Unless you build a habit of making money on your own, standalone, you will find yourself, at some point, depending on the whims of someone else who will run your life. When it's too late.
Simple heuristic: treat public intellectuals as BSvendors except those who hold unpopular opinions,expose frauds, take risks, curse publicly #heuristic
Deficits are like putting dynamite in the hands of children. They can get out of control very quickly.
Try to be predictable to your friends and unpredictable to your enemies, rather than the opposite.
Most so-called writers keep writing and writing with the hope, some day, to find something to say.
Love of humanity doesn't force you to open your living room to ALL passers by. But you may invite a few. Complex systems are stratified. #immigration
No person in a transaction should have certainty about the outcome while the other one has uncertainty.
I disagree with the followers of Marx and those of Adam Smith: the reason free markets work is because they allow people to be lucky, thanks to aggressive trial and error, not by giving rewards or incentives for skill.
It is a very powerful manipulation to let others win the small battles.
The best way to measure the loss of intellectual sophisticationthis nerdification, to put it bluntlyis in the growing disappearance of sarcasm, as mechanic minds take insults a bit too literally.
Work hard, not in grunt work, but in chasing such opportunities and maximizing exposure to them. This makes living in big cities invaluable because you increase the odds of serendipitous encounters-you gain exposure to the envelope of serendipity.
There is something common to modern liberal and Sunni-Salafi education: They teach students answers rather than how to ask questions.
When immigration is done by single individuals, it is immigration. When done by groups, it is invasion.
The opposite of fascism isn’t a democratic form of socialism; it’s localism. #localism
The first, and hardest, step to wisdom: avert the standard assumption that people know what they want.
When a principle is strong and (you feel) imperative, everything you do to justify it or rationalize it makes it weaker. Everything.
Automation makes otherwise pleasant activities turn into work. #automation #robotics
Change anchor to what did not happen rather than to what did happen.
They will envy you for your success, your wealth, for your intelligence, for your looks, for your statusbut rarely for your wisdom.
Success is about honour, feeling morally calibrated, absence of shame, not what some newspaper defines from an external metric.
Anyone who likes meetings should be banned from attending meetings.
If your private life conflicts with your intellectual opinion, it cancels your intellectual ideas, not your private life.
If you have earned your self-respect, respect by others is a luxury; if you haven't, respect by others is a necessity.
If you worry about your reputation you don't deserve to have one. #reputation
Never think that lack of variability is stability. Don't confuse lack of volatility with stability, ever.
The only valid political system is one that can handle an imbecile in power without suffering from it
It is easier to macrobullshit than to microbullshit.
What we do today has nothing to do with capitalism or socialism. It is a crony type of system that transfers money to the coffers of bureaucrats.
The general principle of antifragility: it is much better to do things you cannot explain than explain things you cannot do.
You are as good as how nice you are to people you don't have to be nice to.
Saudi Barbaria will be doomed when shunning it becomes a form of virtue signaling.
Just as political science doesn't have any science, think tanks are for people who don't and can't think.
A mathematician starts with a problem and creates a solution; a consultant starts by offering a “solution” and creates a problem.
Do not read books on time management/MBAbullshit 2) Do nothing that bores you & stop before something gets dull.
As a general rule: the more you institutionalize rules of ethical behavior that should be voluntary (say anti-racism, anti-sexism), the more they will be used as a cover for unethical actions. Moral: remove all diversity rules for the sake of diversity. -
To say it bluntly, all the critics of my tail risk ideas and strategies still work and have to work for a living.
The key to wealth is that it doesn't matter. Once you've had it, you don't think anything of it; you can wear cheap watches.
People don't like it when you ask them for help; they also feel left out when you don't ask them for help.
Abundance is harder for us to handle than scarcity.
The ultimate freedom lies in not having to explain why you did something.
It certainly takes bravery to remain skeptical; it takes inordinate courage to introspect, to confront oneself, to accept one's limitations--Scientists are seeing more and more evidence that we are specifically designed by mother nature to fool ourselves.
What we need to do is break the financial community's grip on society.
Never explain why something important is important.
In a conflict, the middle ground is least likely to be correct.
A GOLDEN RULE in ETHICS Take a moment to figure out whether you'd rather be praiseworthy but not praised, or praised but not praiseworthy. #ethics
You need to realize that the only thing a career academic can really teach you is how to be a career academic. #books
Monotheistic religion isn't so much about telling man that there is one God, so much preventing man from thinking that he is God.
An enemy who becomes a friend will always be a friend; a friend turned enemy will remain so forever.
Swearing on the occasion, amid rich vocabulary, is costly signaling that you are self-owned.
Formal education is credentials plus negative knowledge so it sort of works out on balance.
To be completely cured of newspapers, spend a year reading the previous week's newspapers.
The rationalist imagines an imbecile-free society; the empiricist an imbecile-proof one, or even better, a rationalist-proof one.
Debt is a mistake between lender and borrower, and both should suffer.
It is not possible to have fun when you try. #wisdom
Your duty is to scream those truths that one should shout but that are merely whispered.
And those with brains and balls become artisans/entrepreneurs. #entrepreneurship
Short stories are mostly read by people who want to write short stories.
Any book not worth rereading isn't worth reading.
Never hire an A student unless it is to take exams.
I wonder how many people would seek excessive wealth if it did not carry a measure of status with it. #wealth
Never read a book if you don't expect to be surprised by something in it, while reading it. #books
There is nothing more hideous than excessive refinement (in food, dress, lifestyle, etc.) #wisdom
By definition, what works cannot be irrational. #lindy #skininthegame
All models are wrong, many are useful, some are deadly.
It is as hard to fake indifference when you are interested as it is to fake interest when you are indifferent.
The only effective apology is the one you voice before you say or do something.
The tragedy of our time is the monoculture of ideas: all people are forced to believe the *same* bullshit.
The opposite of education isn't ignorance but miseducation. #education
And if journalists were really not interested in money they would be writing literary essays.
Let us find what risks we can measure and these are the risks we should be taking. #risk
The more complex the world, the less you can grasp it from academic studies.
Never argue with people in private (you will not convince them); argue in public to convince others.
Best training ever for rigor & critical reasoning is...TRADING. You can ONLY survive long term by going against wrong CONSENSUS by experts
Truth is in the extremes. There is no noise in the far tails.
Fat Tony: No one ever went bankrupt trading against intellectuals.
A sign of development for a country is in the lack of prestige for government officials.
Those who have equal rights today are complaining much, much more than when they didn't have them. #equality
The first one who uses but, has lost the argument.
In any profession, 90% of people are clueless but work by situational imitation, narrow mimicry & semi-conscious role-playing. Except social science and journalism where it is 99% and 100%, respectively.
You cannot be both soldier and judge. #wisdom
Isocrates' Dynamic #SkinInTheGame Conduct yourself toward your parents as you would have your children conduct themselves toward you.
A hotshot is someone temporarily perceived to be of some importance, rather than perceived to be of some temporary importance.
To understand how something works, figure out how to break it.
Trust those who are greedy for money a thousand times more than those who are greedy for credentials.
If your beard is gray, produce heuristics/advice but explain the why. If your beard is white, skip the why, just say what should be done.
If we've been eating animals for > 300 million years & some study says it's unhealthy, odds study is wrong/misspecified. #LindyEffect
N N does not suffer fools gladly. I want it on my epitaph.
Multiplicative generosity: limit your generosity to those who, in turn, given the circumstances, would be equally generous towards others.
I never trust a man who doesn't have enemies.
The dream of having computers behave like humans is coming true, with the transformation, in a single generation, of humans into computers.
Given their track record, I would recommend hiring academic economists and do the OPPOSITE of what they advise. For they aren't even random.
Mistakes detected by copy editors are not likely to be noticed by readers, and vice versa.
Mathematics demands an uncontrolled hunger for abstraction, philosophy a very controlled one.
You want your enemies to complain about you. The more they complain, the better.
To rephrase, every human should at all times have equality in probability (which we can control), not equality in outcome.
A good man is warm and respectful towards the waiter or people of supposedly lower financial and social condition. #character
Heuristic: when picking a restaurant in an unfamiliar city, don't look at the menu, look at the clients. #heuristic
Bring the good news in trickles, the bad news in lumps.
Solution for the Christmas binge: Fast 45 hours, visit the gym during the fast, and you are done. #christmas
The intellectshual world is populated by a collection of people who are much better at explaining than understanding.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing someone's food and eating it. The commander offered the following Solomonic deal. They kill the soldier and look into his stomach. If there is no food as described by the accuser, the accuser is put to death.
Much of the difference between what is heaven and what is hell is branding. #marketing
Something shoddy: citizenship of convenience, holding the passport of a country for ease of travel/tax without committing to its community.
The saying goes those who can, do; those who can't do, teach. But I've shown that those who can't do shouldn't teach.
Under opacity, incomplete information, and partial understanding, much of what we don't understand is labeled irrational. #rationality
When people vote the way of the IYI elite, it is democracy. Otherwise it is misguided, irrational, swayed by populism & lack of education. #democracy
Accept the rationality of time, never its fairness and morality.
Mediocre minds are outraged by small insults but passive, subdued, and silent in front of very large ones. From Bed of Procrustes.
If we are the only animal with a sense of justice, it would clearly be because we also are about the only animal with a sense of cruelty.
We tend to define rude less by the words used (what is said) than by the status of the recipient (to whom it is addressed).
If someone is making an effort to ignore you, he is not ignoring you.
You can easily tell a Northener: he/she feels guilty doing nothing. Even doing nothing for them is programmed, labeled, and has to be learned using some Yoga instructor. #yoga
The rules you explain are less convincing that the ones you don't explain- or have to explain.
God created Monte Carlo and similar places so extremely rich people would come experience extreme envy.
Wisdom isn't about understanding things (& people); it is knowing what they can do to you. #wisdom
The classical idea is to build mental, physical & moral fortitude to face the world #Antifragile Modern one is to change it technologically.
You are honorable in proportion to the number of people to whom you can say fuck you with impunity but don't.
If you detect a repressed smile on the salesperson's face, you paid too much for it. #wisdom
If we are (almost) the only animal with a sense of justice, it is because we also are (almost) the only animal with a sense of cruelty. #quoteoftheday
Sometimes people ask you a question with their eyes begging you to not tell them the truth.
Magnificence is defined by the intersection of reluctant praise by your enemies and criticism by your friends; greatness by their union.
Progress is almost never linear. Ups and downs and bursts. #progress
Japan: life is a sequence of skillfully executed rituals. #rituals
Populism: democratic participation by the uneducated population when conflicts w/that of the miseducated one. #populism
Atheists are just modern versions of religious fundamentalists: they both take religion too literally.
If you want to punish an enemy, help put him on a pedestal. He will hurt himself falling from it. #wisdom
The idea of #SkininTheGame: watch what people do not what they (or their staffers) say.
We didn't break the mafia by reasoning w/its members. Remember: you'll never break special intrsts, lobbies, journalistic monoculturists & academic rent seekers by convincing them, but by exposing them, working on their customers. Accountability, put Skin in their game.
The very idea of freedom of expression is to allow someone to tell others things they do not like to hear. #freedom
Used skillfully, a compliment will be much more offensive than any disparagement.
Hammurabi's code: He who falsely accuses someone of a crime is to be penaliized as if he committed it himself Applies to all: right,left,... #symmetry
Fascism does not necessarily come from the nominal government, but from he who controls information. #fascism
To insult a barbarian, use his own language: Cum care carizas, rustice agis cum rustico, barbare loqueris barbaro ,crasse cum crasso.
Academics, when they leave academia become at best back-office support staff, not decision-makers. Not like the grocery store owner who owns his own risk. #risk
General Principle: the solutions (on balance) need to be simpler than the problems.
Don't complain too loud about wrongs done to you; you may give ideas to your less imaginative enemies.
Life is about execution rather than purpose.
A lot of what we call work is noise.
Universities have been progressing from providing scholarship for a small fee into selling degrees at a large cost.
Journalists feel contempt for those who fear them and a deep resentment for those who don't. #journalism
Any action one does with the aim of winning an award, any award, corrupts to the core.
Rich people aren't necessarily incorruptible; but they can be much, much more expensive to bribe.
The enemy of market system isn't some pot-smoking hirsute communistic hippie, but a suit wearing banker or Federal Reserve employee. #FED
My summary of Obama: He is the fellow who, when there is fire in the building, makes a great moving speech, then calls for advice. @BarackObama
Virtue is what you do when nobody is looking. The rest is marketing. #marketing
There is something irremediably sad at an atheist's funeral.
You will never convince someone that he is wrong. Survival does. Prologue of #SkinintheGame
All models are wrong. Some are lethal.
It takes five years to learn how to make money; and twenty-five to learn how to not lose it.
There were no migrations in the Middle ages except towards empty steppes. #genetics
A reliable predictor of future insuccess: if someone writes long (and frequent) emails. #success
Rituals are the music of life.
Things are never complicated if one has principles. #principles
If you have earned your self-respect, respect by others is a luxury; if you haven't, respect by others is a necessity.
Economics is a fake discipline; attempts to improve it (s.a.behavioral,evo) made it worse! Finance moved to mathematics, accounting,etc. #economics
Many are virtuous for lack of opportunity. #quoteoftheday
Trust none of what you hear, half of what you read, most of what you see. #wisdom
My problem isn't with actors so much as with the way they are sudden qualified to dictate stuff to the rest of us. #hollywood
It is as hard to fake indifference when you are interested as it is to fake interest when you are indifferent.
Making sense and being right are not the same ting (sic) -- Fat Tony #skininthegame
If someone's insults' bother you; it is evidence that you respect him. #wisdom
If someone's insults' bother you; it is evidence that you respect him. #wisdom
I came as refugee from the Lebanese war, embraced American values, & vowed to defend them. I refuse immigrants who don't embrace our values.
Those semi-intellectuals considered intellectuals get furious when shown the same disrespect as they have towards nonintellectuals.
To establish societal symmetry: The bigotteer needs to be penalized the same as the bigot. The false accuser needs to be penalized as if he committed the crime himself (Hammurabi). etc. #symmetry
There is something irremediably sad at an atheist's funeral.
One only criterion for (material) success: not having a schedule. #success
A government run by professionals is like a form or a trading house run by back office &support people. But firms go bust, govs expand. #government
If someone's insults' bother you; it is evidence that you respect him. #wisdom
Everything before the but is meant to be ignored by the speaker; and everything after the but should be ignored by the listener.
A society is as advanced as its treatment of its weak, its handicapped and incapacitated.
If you reject unfounded blame, you must also reject unjustified praise.
Virtue is what you do when nobody is looking. The rest is marketing. #marketing
The idea of #skininthegame is that people judged by reality and P/L, instead of peers or supervisors, are vastly more open-minded.
Education & intellectualization make people think in Universal terms for local problems, with no awareness of Scalability. #SkinIntheGame
Courage is the only virtue you can't fake. #virtue
A book is something that can be read ten years after publication. A real book, twenty. Otherwise it is a magazine report with bookbinding.
There should be no privilege for being wealthy. But there should be no shame, no guilt for being wealthy. #wealth
As a general rule, most regrets after one is caught's aren't regrets about having committed the action, but regrets about having been caught. Apologies count only when they are spontaneous, coming out of deep principles. Otherwise they are just an expression of submission.
Progress, like evolution, must be neither too slow nor too fast. Too slow means extinction from lack of adaptation. Too fast prevents retaining the benefits of past improvements, hence, again, extinction. #progress
Never read a book written by a journalist. Never read a book if you understand the table of contents
Some people are so foolish that they only get answers right when they misunderstand the question.
People don't know what they are talking about when they say religion.
You cannot separate the Med diet from frequency. 1-FASTING Greeks were vegan 210 days. 2-Meat was eaten at festivals, in Yuge quantities, mostly FAT 3-Breakfast is a recent invention 4-Dinner=mostly mezze 5-Byphasic sleep 6-Hill/stairs climbing all the time 7-No seed oil
If you want to teach someone a real skill, teach him how to fail. He will never learn it in school.
If someone pays you for anything other than a specific transaction, you are a slave. #slavery
No public institution or agency should be created without an expiration date.
When you define yourself as localist, nobody frames you in the partisan box; both the left & the right take you for one of them. The only people in favor of centralization are lobbyists, bureaucrats, & DC parasites. Yet the world is centralizing.
You may not get rich by being honorable; but you will probably stay rich by being upright.
Economists are like soldiers selected and trained for only rituals and parades. But they are very good with rituals and parades.
Free-markets: a mechanism by which the strong continuously & unrelentlessly preys on the strong. #markets
A reliable predictor of future insuccess: if someone writes long (and frequent) emails. #success
The real difference in politics isn't the right vs left gradation but rather Greek vs Roman. Greek = puts theory above practice. Roman= puts practice above theory. Be Roman. Now.
It is as hard to fake indifference when you are interested as it is to fake interest when you are indifferent.
I can't talk on behalf of , as I am sharing his wisdom on the Twitter account. What I understand from him is that it doesn't matter whether the prediction is right or wrong if one doesn't have skin in the game.Cetin, curator of @Wisdom account.
There is something common to modern liberal and Sunni-Salafi education: They teach students answers rather than how to ask questions.
Libertarianism is about replacing authority with laws (legal systems, courts). Hard sciences (math, physics) obey laws, bullshit disciplines (psychology, history, sociology) obey authority. In the absence of #skininthegame, authority evolves to BS. In anything. -
A society is as advanced as its treatment of its weak, its handicapped and incapacitated.
If someone's insults' bother you; it is evidence that you respect him. #wisdom
For your book to be read in 20y, make sure content is 1) important for people today, 2) was also important 20 y ago. #Lindy
If someone pays you for anything other than a specific transaction, you are a slave. #slavery
The French are Germanics who speak a Germanic language using Latin words. #french
2nd order effects: Once you make policy based on PICTURES of children victims, ALL parties will now produce pictures of children.
Life isn't about getting forecasts right; it is about navigating the environment and controlling it.
And no, most humans do NOT want to be liberated from monotonous tasks, except for (parts of) the weekend. Most want the soothing predictability of a schedule, even those who call themselves adventurers.
A prediction is wrong only if it costs you something. A prediction is right only if it makes you something. The rest is tawk. #skininthegame.
Start by being warm, pleasant, & generous w/every person you meet; but if someone tries to exercise power over you, exercise power over him; & if he messes w/you, remember to keep messing w/him long after he has forgotten about it. Silver Rule of Fat Tony in #SkinInTheGame
Socialism, def: a political system where decisions are made by people with advanced degrees in social science. #socialism
The idea of #skininthegame is that nobody shd cause risk to others without impunity.
The cult of the youth (by the youth) results from an elementary logical fallacy. If 90% of successful innovations come from the young, less than 1/1000 of innovations by youth work. Statistically, youth correlates w/mediocrity, sloth, physical weakness, & lack of creativity.
Electricians, barbers, gardeners, surgeons, tango dancers, are experts. Not economists. How do we know who's expert?
There is something common to modern liberal and Sunni-Salafi education: They teach students answers rather than how to ask questions.
No, do not join an NGO to save the world. Just take risks, start a business.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing someone's food and eating it. The commander offered the following Solomonic deal. They kill the soldier and look into his stomach. If there is no food as described by the accuser, the accuser is put to death.
I am very rude to *high status* people who are rude to waiters/waitresses. Usually twice as rude. Sometimes three times, just to make sure. You cannot believe how many pple on the left are rude to waiters, as they feel their mission insulates them from humans.
Given their track record, I would recommend hiring academic economists and do the OPPOSITE of what they advise. For they aren't even random.
Being nice counts the most when you are nice to people ignored by others.
And no, most humans do NOT want to be liberated from monotonous tasks, except for (parts of) the weekend. Most want the soothing predictability of a schedule, even those who call themselves adventurers.
To teach someone a real skill, teach him how to take risk & fail. He will never learn this in school. No nonrisktaker can ever teach it. #risk
One only criterion for (material) success: not having a schedule. #success
The French are Germanics who speak a Germanic language using Latin words. #french
If you worry about your reputation you don't deserve to have one.
Your reputation is harmed the most by what you say to defend it. @KevinHart4real
Never argue with someone with the aim of changing his or her mind; focus instead on changing the much less invested minds of the audience.
This would have been a great Christmas present. We will wait for June.
Someone at dinner just asked me to define a dictator. Someone who doesn’t buy weapons from your government. #dictator
Life is much, much easier when you treat all humans as flawed and imperfect, but flawed in quite different ways.
If you are afraid for your reputation in ANY circle, you should NOT be in academia. Or at least you should not be a scholar. #reputation
Isocrates' Dynamic #SkinInTheGame Conduct yourself toward your parents as you would have your children conduct themselves toward you.
AN ENEMY is someone in a zero-sum game, the representation bureaucrats, geopoliticians, journos & low-IQ pol scientists have of the world. A COMPETITOR is someone who helps the system stay non-zero sum & prevents monopolies.
Without skin in the game: Smart drug dealers become pharmacopsychiatrists; smart astrologists become economists; smart serial killers write for the Wash Post; smart bullshitters become experimental psychologists; and smart bankrobbers become bankers.
SYMMETRY: A soldier was accused of stealing someone's food and eating it. The commander offered the following Solomonic deal. They kill the soldier and look into his stomach. If there is no food as described by the accuser, the accuser is put to death.
You remember the insults you received far more than those you gave.
Educated in 1860 was educated Today educated is starting to be overeducated & brainwashed, just like overfed, overprotected, & overmedicated. #education
Isocrates' Dynamic #SkinInTheGame Conduct yourself toward your parents as you would have your children conduct themselves toward you.
Thursday Wisdom: If someone's insults' bother you; it is evidence that you respect him.
If you worry about your reputation you don't deserve to have one. #ThursdayThoughts #socialmedia
Any work you do in the comfort of a routine risks being taken over by a robot. #AI #Robotics
Here is one of my favorite quotes: Don't cross a river if it is four feet deep on average.
On this Twitter account, I will be sharing 's wisdom from his books, interviews, and tweets. Follow if you like the wise flaneur from Northern Phoenicia.
